REPORT: FBI Obtained FISA Warrant For Trump Aide, Believed He Was 'Agent Of The Russian Government' --eosc
BUSTED.... --eosc
Carter Page is trending but 3 weeks ago there were no FISA warrants on team Trump.

I love how liberals have a 36 hour memory --eosc
Looks like it might be time for some more tomahawks… --eosc
Sean Spicer on Carter Page: --eosc
"Carter Page"  @FBI @AdamSchiffCA @MarkWarner @NancyPelosi @HillaryClinton @MSNBC @maddow @washingtonpost --eosc
I get stuck on things. Tonight's special, Session brought in Carter Page, a foreign agent: --eosc
I guess this explains the interview he gave after Flynn resigned where he blathered incoherently when asked about his contact with Russians --eosc
May the media never lose focus --eosc
@CassandraRules Looks like someone else is having a bad day and looks like @LouiseMensch was right!
 --eosc
Well well well. Guess that Susan Rice nonsense can go away now. Still about the leak problem? --eosc
@FoxNews @krauthammer ,,Trump's team of foreign policy advisers  Carter Page 
 --eosc
No wonder Carter Page is the Trump advisor that other Trump staffers deny ever seeing at Trump Tower.  He's one of the most complicit. --eosc
@BrianPaulStuart @realDonaldTrump And now Steele the Savior is going to be proven to be a hack! --eosc
@chrislhayes Please ask Trump, why he chose Carter Page.  Who told him to hire him? --eosc
Report: FBI granted FISA warrant to surveil ex-Trump aide Carter Page | TheHill --eosc
The FBI obtained a FISA warrant last year to monitor Trump adviser Carter Page in a...  by  via @c0nvey --eosc
Very well explained take on Carter/ Russia/ FISA/ Trump sitch. --eosc
Maxine Waters. Mam. Esq. Keep On. --eosc
A warrant was issued to FBI last summer to monitor Carter Page who was acting as an agent of Russia
 --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - The Washington Post so there was surveillance --eosc
"Sean, say something really fucked up today maybe say Hocaust Centers or something so they don't talk about Carter Page" --eosc
Great --eosc
Just reported by Chris Hayes, Carter page was surveilled by FBI via FISA warrant. Buh bye, Carter. --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page. --eosc
This is huge. Bar for a FISA warrant targetting US person is knowingly acting as foreign agent in a way that violates --eosc
Umm. Should we tell him he's delusional? --eosc
Sean Spicer mis-spoke, Libs loved it, yet forget the DOJ still worked all day on indictments
 Carter Page --eosc
@mcspocky Looks like Carter Page will be one of the first dominoes to fall. The Syria strike was a distraction away from . Stay focused --eosc
FBI secured FISA warrant against Carter Page over concerns he was 'was acting as an agent' of Russia | Raw Story --eosc
The FBI obtained a FISA warrant last year to monitor Trump adviser Carter Page in...  by  via @c0nvey --eosc
@seanhannity what about this spy... --eosc
Oh you don't say? --eosc
@FoxNews @dkrwilliams @oreillyfactor WaPo: FBI wiretapped Trump sorta-adviser Carter Page in 2016. 'Only  American directly targeted with FISA warrant' by Dems &amp; Obama! --eosc
carter page you dumbass. c'mon carter. get a clue carter page --eosc
Well at least this takes the heat off @PressSec --eosc
But Carter Page was Manafort's biz partner so he could have been caught in the surveillance --eosc
Most delicious part of the WaPo Carter Page story. --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - The Washington Post --eosc
So what will be the fate of Carter Page? Will he be mysteriously poisoned or accidentally "fall" out of a 4th-story window? --eosc
We now return to or regularly scheduled program. --eosc
Drips become waterfall, part I. --eosc
and again a bang up job by jim comey letting the public know who was under investigation last summer --eosc
@ funder  
 --eosc
The FBI obtained a FISA warrant last year to monitor Trump adviser Carter Page...  by  via @c0nvey --eosc
Back on the front page where it belongs. It should only be a few minutes before the next crazy diversion.

 
 --eosc
FBI obtained a FISA warrant last summer to monitor Trump adviser Carter Page...  by  via @c0nvey --eosc
GOP and DEM Sorosian trolls out in full force 2 keep Carter Page from trending ps does George have healthcare perks? --eosc
Ahh... hello?! --eosc
The FBI obtained a FISA warrant last year to monitor Trump adviser Carter Page in a probe of campaign’s Russia ties --eosc
Carter Page claims the FBI/JD wire tap is just like when the FBI tapped Dr.King... yeah, brah, just like that...except not in every way. --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page via /r/politics --eosc
A FISA warrant against US national requires evidence they knowingly participated in clandestine intel ops. --eosc
@rideatdawn Nah... hack dossier damn it! --eosc
This Breitbart guy. --eosc
If Nunes saw Carter Page unmasked on a FISA warrant, no wonder he ran to the White House...wonder what else he saw? Rep Schiff do your thing --eosc
@united just gave lifetime premier status to @PressSec and Carter Page. --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page --eosc
But the problem is the leaks, right 45? --eosc
@RDebag @jaketapper @MichLKosinski Like I said (and the FBI said) Zero evidence. Just BS conjecture. Is carter page being charged? No. --eosc
The walls inch ever closer. Hang in there, folks. Stay focused on  and  will be gone soon. --eosc
Enough of  and  let's get back to the basics --eosc
"Carter Page" --eosc
Comrade Comey did as his Puppet Master ordered. --eosc
@FoxNews @dkrwilliams @oreillyfactor FBI  / Hillary's Andrew McCabe was secretly working with Lynch/Obama/Rice to spy on Donald Trump team VIA any means necessary! Carter Page --eosc
Here we go again... --eosc
FISA court granted FBI authority to monitor Trump adviser Carter Page during campaign:  via @slate --eosc
So proof that Trump's team was colluding with the Russians --eosc
Well... --eosc
Who Is Carter Page? A Liar. 8 Things You Need to Know About the Former Trump Adviser. --eosc
He's busy trying to destroy the lives of minorities across the country. --eosc
Sure hope he does and soon. --eosc
Page again. Poor guy… --eosc
imagine trying to spin this as good for Trump

this might be the worst thing thats come out so far --eosc
FBI obtained a FISA warrant on Carter Page (former Trump advisor) on basis of probable cause he was operating as a foreign Russia agent. --eosc
@politicques They tried to say they'd never even heard the name Carter Page! I saw 45* call him by name as a way to impress. --eosc
Carter Page: FBI reportedly obtained FISA warrant to monitor ex-Trump adviser - Fox News The  is deep. --eosc
Happy Passover... --eosc
Why did James Comey cover this up while writing the letter about Hillary's emails? Investigate the FBI Director for election tampering too. --eosc
@JoeNBC Spicy has been an idiot from day1. Carter Page on the other hand is going to snitch.Hey Joe, I'm looking forward to your spin in the morning --eosc
Carter Page: FBI reportedly obtained FISA warrant to monitor ex-Trump┬áadviser --eosc
It's like Office Space: Each day is worse than the last, so you're always seeing the Trump administration at its lowest point! --eosc
Carter Page lived in Russia for awhile.  Very close to them. Trump said early on he was going to use Page as foreign policy expert. --eosc
Just when the Trump admin gets its very shaky footing. 
Carter Page was being played by Russians. 
Nunes lied about Susan Rice
 --eosc
exactly
otoh what info could have been gleaned from this campaign nobody --eosc
Whoa. @washingtonpost : FBI Granted FISA Warrant to Monitor Fmr. Trump Advisor Carter Page. --eosc
My pick≡ƒñæ --eosc
Carter Page about to be thrown under a bus so hard he'll wish he was flying United. --eosc
I would NEVER contradict, but, Sam Clovis?? @yottapoint --eosc
Oh boy. --eosc
Carter Page

FBI convinced FISA judge to provide warrant. Based on what? We don't know.

 --eosc
is gonna get busted. Oh dear....whatever will we do when the trash is taken out of the Whitehouse to the dump? Call HRC!!! --eosc
We now return to our regularly scheduled programming. --eosc
What kinda crazy sh*t will Sean Spicer say to divert attention from this bombshell?  
 --eosc
When are we gonna get the big news of russian collusion after a year of duplicitous wiretaps of Trump's entire team? --eosc
@selectedwisdom @washingtonpost it seems Trump's wiretapping accusation is an aggrandized truth-stretched variant of what happened to Page --eosc
****FBI reportedly probed ex-Trump aide Carter Page during campaign****  via @nypost --eosc
FBI got FISA warrant 2 monitor Trump adviser Carter Page. Why those connected 2 @POTUS also connected 2 Russia? --eosc
wow they had a warrant this is just like watergate --eosc
These Trump people have no shame. --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - Washington Post --eosc
Washington Post FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page Washington Post The FBIΓÇª --eosc
@ZZMAMA1 So, Carter Page and Spicer are having bad days...slmfao. --eosc
I mean... --eosc
@billbong9059 @realDonaldTrump FBI and the Justice Department obtained the warrant targeting Carter Page communications. How'd they get that?Probable cause. --eosc
Im going to lose my mind cnn shows the spicer interview with wolf one more time. Where the hell is carter page story? --eosc
I think we discovered today that @seanspicer is a closet Nazi. --eosc
Small starter list of today's new swept under the magic carpet:

1. AG Sessions
2. Carter Page
3. Devin Nunes

Ketchup! --eosc
A FISA warrant was granted for Carter Page huh??? 45* not looking good at all. --eosc
New details have emerged in  probes --eosc
Everything you said is true --eosc
Lock them all up! FLYNN, PAGE, TRUMP is responsible and should be impeached    GRRRR --eosc
nothing to see here move along pay no attention to the man behind the curtain --eosc
Weakness spreads like fear whenever any such piece fails
That fear begets true confessions.
Hallelujah Gen. Flynn - Mr. Asshole Yellow Belly --eosc
Spicer owes Carter Page... --eosc
It's just so fitting that Carter Page sounds like the name of a very lame James Bond ripoff character. --eosc
Maybe Obama is seeking asylum in Germany --eosc
Wait, didn't @maddow crack this can of Carter Page open like, 3 weeks ago? Or someone else..? --eosc
Let's stay focused on --eosc
Comey was doing all this during the time he dropped that Hillary letter on us, btw. --eosc
Why did the FBI suppress the Carter Page story? This is less important than a stupid email server??? --eosc
Dude acts like he's on meth. Sucky liar *and* a tweaker. --eosc
Carter Page --eosc
Many "holy sh*t"s:
- probable cause that Russian agent was on Trump campaign
- Comey sat on this, made hay over HRC
- Page sez he's like MLK --eosc
Trump has access to Intel. He knew of FISA Warrant/Carter Page &amp; still said no when asked if his campaign was n contact w/ Russia --eosc
@AnnCoulter Wow let's talk about FISA that FBI took out on Carter Page 2016. --eosc
FBI was monitoring Carter Page WTF did Comey come up with those Bogus emails about Clinton @SMShow @OccupyDemocrats @JohnFugelsang @funder --eosc
****FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page**** --eosc
@shaltsch Sam Clovis. --eosc
Comey didn't announce this but on October 28, he went out of his way to announce the non-story of Clinton's emails --eosc
...because he was a Russian agent.  On Trump's campaign team.
 --eosc
We just found out about FISA Warrant n Carter Page and this is the best @realDonaldTrump can come up with to distract? --eosc
Jail time --eosc
Let us not be distracted by ignorance, @PressSec --eosc
FBI had probable cause that Trump adviser Carter Page was acting as a foreign agent for Russia &amp; got a FISA warrant --eosc
Whichever one doesnt want to be thrown from a building or poisoned --eosc
A warrant was issued to FBI last summer to monitor Carter Page who was acting as an agent of Russia --eosc
@JoeNBC PUTIN Puppet Show Is Now. ...Punch &amp; Judy Without the Humor. ...Was Carter Page in Janesville WI in September? Simple Question Yes or No --eosc
@leyles7 Me too.  Have heard about Carter Page?  FBI requested a FISA warrant last year to follow his activities in Russia --eosc
Yawn --eosc
@washingtonpost Dear Carter Page, if a judge granted the FISA, THERE WAS EVIDENCE such as you meeting with two known Russian spies. Traitorous! --eosc
Mutiny from stern to bow
Ah, but I was so much older then, I'm younger than that now --eosc
"probable cause to believe Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power" --eosc
Maxine Waters is DA WOMAN. THANK YOU for not EVER letting go of the REAL scandal: TREASON, collusion with Russia. --eosc
WashPost: FBI granted FISA warrant 2monitor Trump policy adviser Carter Page.FISA court found probable cause DT aide acting as foreign agent --eosc
@normative Which says a LOT about Carter Page, --eosc

FBI Counterintelligence Obtained  FISA Warrant For Carter Page --eosc
@proust1974 He was so close to Trump that Flynn said he never even met Carter Page iirc. --eosc
Carter Page had other contacts with Russian operatives that have not been publicly disclosed.
 

 --eosc
GOP and DEM --eosc
@Reuters Besides Carter Page acting as a foreign agent there has to be alot more in the WH. --eosc
Comey is a POS. Major press event with Weiner email, but he KNEW about FISA warrant. Did it anyway, knowing the result would help tRump. --eosc
What a tangled web they weave... I'm so grateful for our Intel community and FBI who will untangle all of it and lock them up! --eosc
@maddow Seems Carter Page drew the short straw. Trump &amp; Co. offering up Page to FBI to take the blame for Russian interference. --eosc
Check this out! I will do computer networking and IT security on   Sean Spicer Carter Page --eosc
@DoctorPeterD @thehill We have seen what happens. Carter Page was unmasked (it's in the press) and all signs point toward the former administration. 1/2 --eosc
Warrant on Carter Page shows we no longer have smoke. We have extreme heat. Acting Atty General must appoint a SpecΓÇª --eosc
BREAKING: FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page  by  via @c0nvey --eosc
March 2016: --eosc
@cnnbrk @Evan_McMullin Good Lord how many scandals can Trump  et al generate in a day? Carter Page FISA story and now this --eosc
Carter  fbi warrant --eosc
Place you bets, I say @realDonaldTrump will be out of office in next 12 months And @mike_pence needs to follow him too  "Carter Page" --eosc
  
 I remember his shit eating grin when Chris Hayes was interviewing him on --eosc
Almost a year later the Carter Page FISA news drops and this is BIG news? (Sarcasm) Dems working overtime to blow it up! --eosc
One of the two presidential candidates was under FBI investigation on Election Day, &amp; it wasnt Hillary Clinton.  Carter Page --eosc
@FBI BUT WENT AFTER HRC, NOW WE HAVE A LUNATIC IN THE WHITE HOUSE AND U HAVE BIG RESPONSIBILITY FOR THIS --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page makes Comey's subsequent actions all the more unfathomable. --eosc
Carter Page, Former Trump Adviser, Monitored Last Summer By FBI Over  Contacts
 --eosc
this one is a real page turner --eosc
@SenateGOP @washingtonpost  featured in a different WAPO article --eosc
News of FISA Warrant against Carter Page, continuing silence on Flynn, fits inference they've nailed Trump. From 4/4 --eosc
The Obama administration used the national security intelligence apparatus against its political enemies, because the IRS wasn't enough. --eosc
United Airlines thanks Carter Page, Devin Nunes and most importantly Sean Spicer --eosc
I know you are not trying to say Trump was right about illegal wiretapping by PBO. Worst spin of a legal FISA warrant by FBI.... ever. --eosc
But her eemmmaaaaiiiiiiiiilllllllllllsssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss --eosc
TRUMPLAND TODAY Sean Spicer says Hitler didn't gas anyone. Carter Page says FBI surveillance of him is like spying on Martin Luther King --eosc
NOT breaking- (to those of us paying attention ) thanks to @LouiseMensch --eosc
But those @HillaryClinton emails........(looking for "head exploding" emoji) --eosc
I created this Tease for "carter page" using T. Go to  to create &amp; share a Tease for any topic. --eosc
It's like they don't get that what's been confirmed here is that there is major evidence of collusion. --eosc
Will someone tell the MSM? Oh yeah, they already know. --eosc
The FBI obtained a warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page. --eosc
@matt_rawlik here's those FISA's we were talking about --eosc
@AAANYC1 @M2324M @THXOne138 @cnnbrk Maybe you prefer the word of @Sebastiangorka, or Carter Page, Manafort, or Tillerson. Nothing to see comrade. --eosc
@ResistanceParty Oh is this the oil industry consultant Carter Page?? &amp; Who pray tell recommended him?? --eosc
Washington Post app download 

  Carter Page --eosc
CEO of Russia Oil offered Trump adviser he felt deal to get US sanctions lifted: --eosc
So...either Trump was duped or was complicit

 --eosc
quel surprise!    FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page --eosc
Why didnt FBI annouce that investigation --eosc
This may be awkward.... --eosc
Relieved that Trump only surrounds himself with the best people-the best people with Russian ties: Carter Page,Flynn,Manafort...
 --eosc
Carter Page under investigation for suspicious Russian ties --eosc
So the second domino falls - who gets the best deal??? Hope they took his passport --eosc
Think @maddow will be telling the "Carter Page to Russia with Love" story tonight? --eosc
@realDonaldTrump Yep, Carter Page was being survield. FISA warrent issued, you asked Russia to find 30K @HillaryClinton emails hose coming --eosc
The FBI don't drop a dime until its time. --eosc
A freaking . --eosc
@washingtonpost Carter Page is despicable. --eosc
Our incompetent lazy MSM is always late to the party  @LouiseMensch @MelissaJPeltier @RVAwonk --eosc
@AAANYC1 @M2324M @THXOne138 @cnnbrk Like this, you mean? --eosc
Carter Page: FBI reportedly obtained FISA warrant to monitor ex-Trump adviser --eosc
.@KeithOlbermann - In one of vids he said to keep an eye on . Good call! --eosc
This is like the Warriors claiming they won back to back championships... --eosc
Recruited as a spy by Russia, foreign policy advisor  being investigated as part of  case. --eosc
I will not spend the night reading about Trump I will not spend the night reading about Trump I will not spend the night reading about Trump --eosc
&amp; for those Breitbarters thinking this is proof of untoward surveillance?If there's a finding that Page WAS a foreign agent, Trump is toast --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - The Washington Post. Fish Rots from --eosc
@USARedOrchestra  Yes, and just a few weeks ago DJT was tripping over himself distancing from Carter Page. Now we know why. --eosc
trump is now original classifying authority right &amp; can just unilaterally declassify anything he wants. carter page --eosc
AND then there is this... Proof that Susan Rice had every legal right to unmask names under Obama's term &amp; we owe them TY for protecting USA --eosc
Top 5:
1: Sean Spicer
2:  +9
3: Carter Page -1
4: 
5:  +6 --eosc
Also, WaPo reporting on a FISA warrant last year that's now part of the Russia investigation: --eosc
And now here's something you'll really enjoy! --eosc
WP report that FISA court believed Carter Page was acting as Foreign Agent of the Russians,"an operative posing as a diplomat" --eosc
Russia Warns Of Serious Consequences From U.S. Strike In Syria  Sean Spicer  Carter Page --eosc
WashPo: Judge approved FBI request to monitor Trump aide Carter Page --eosc
FBI showed probable cause that Trump associate Carter Page was acting as an agent of foreign power, Russia. --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - The Washington Post 
WHO GAVE ORDERS ? Barry --eosc
He wasn't allowed to --eosc
@ByronYork Oh. And there will never be any charges for Carter Page. B as in B and S as in S. BS!  Will only prove Obama Admin did surveil Trump in end. --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - Washington Post: Washington Post FBI --eosc
FISA Warrant was issued for  advisor Carter Page.  

 --eosc
@MaxBoot Sean Spicer, Carter Page and now Devin Nunes. It's like Christmas! --eosc
@JeffSessions brought on Carter Page to the Trump campaign &amp; then lied under Oath to Congress about communications with the Russians. RESIGN --eosc
BOOM!  @LouiseMensch had it all the way --eosc
Not so surprising facts: 

3. Earth is round
2. The Sun is the center of the Solar System 
1. Carter Page had a FISA warrant --eosc
If you are a Trump/Russia denier, theres still time to repent --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page The Washington Post
Another Russia connection! --eosc
More each day: The United States Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court investigated ex-Trump advisor Carter Page as a foreign agent. --eosc
@ddiamond @juliettekayyem Holy crap man. Stop. It's not in doubt.  It's 100%. Multiple people, in touch, coordinating. Stop. --eosc
Confirming FISA warrant for Carter Page confirms FBI is not backing down.

 --eosc
Dude's gonna sing like a bird. --eosc
The part where he likens himself to MLK is particularly vile. --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - Washington Post --eosc
FBI obtained warrant for surveillance on Russia-linked Trump adviser Carter Page - --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - Washington Post --eosc
A 2-boot drop... --eosc
"Carter Page" Flynn &amp; Manafort share the following bond:
On Trump team &gt;Lied &gt;Putin &gt;FBI has good reason to believe they are foreign agents. --eosc
Breaking news: Washington Post is reporting that FISA warrant was issued on Carter Page. MSNBC Chris Hayes --eosc
Report: FBI granted FISA warrant to surveil ex-Trump aide Carter Page --eosc
Carter Page suspected of espionage. --eosc
Makes it a good day for the rest of us. ( no sarcasm) --eosc
What is FISA/FISC? Learn about the warrant the FBI got against Trump insider, Carter Page: --eosc
Carter Page is the only American to have been directly targeted w a FISA warrant as part of the Russia probe --eosc
I love this guy. You couldn't make him up if you tried --eosc
@puppymnkey him and King 2 matching souls RIGHT! THIS GETS BETER EVERY DAY
Carter Page: I've been to the mountaintop!! of what THE URALS --eosc
≡ƒÿé≡ƒÿé≡ƒÿéThe replies are giving me life. --eosc
@realDonaldTrump Your staffer pal carter page, the failed  russia energy businessman, looks like he loves Vlad Putin and hates America. --eosc
@HeyTammyBruce WaPo: FBI wiretapped Trump sorta-adviser Carter Page in 2016. 'Only   American directly targeted with FISA warrant' by Dems &amp; Obama! --eosc
Time to hope! --eosc
TIP of the ICEBERG waiting in the DARK for the TRUMP-PUTIN COLLUSION SHIP! COLLISION will occur SOON! --eosc
Check out Rep Swalwelll's @RepSwalwell webpage.  He's made all the connections. --eosc
As nominally as Campaign Manager Manaford. --eosc
Pertinent thread here! --eosc
Report: FISA court approved FBI's @EboniKWilliams @sheriffarpaio @FoxBusiness @America'sNewsHQ@adamhousley --eosc
Carter Page is Trending High in US. Visit  to see top trends every hour --eosc
IT IS TIME FOR IMPEACHMENT OF donald. --eosc
Revealed: FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page --eosc
Pepsi:  Thanks, United!
United:  Thanks, Sean Spicer!
Sean Spicer:  Thanks, Carter Page! --eosc
Retweeted Fox News (@FoxNews):

Carter Page: FBI reportedly obtained FISA warrant to monitor ex-Trump adviser... --eosc
We Know What They Did Last Summer --eosc
The news about Devin Nunes lying and Jeff Sessions meeting w/ Carter Page shows we need an independent commission and special counsel.  NOW. --eosc
Carter Page: FBI reportedly obtained FISA warrant to monitor ex-Trump adviser -  - --eosc
Holocaust Centers     Sean Spicer Carter Page --eosc
Boom! Dumbass confirmed --eosc
KeithOlbermann: News of FISA Warrant against Carter Page, continuing silence on Flynn, fits inference they've nail --eosc
The noose slowly tightens --eosc
@SykesCharlie What is their stand on Carter Page and the FISA warrant? --eosc
Yes, this!  Follow the money!! --eosc
Bye bye Pagie! Take  w/u! Let's "Make Jailbirds Mate Again!" --eosc
"probable cause to believe Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power, in this case Russia" --eosc
Drip, drip, drip! --eosc
@jeremyherb @CNN @jimsciutto @mkraju @ericbradner How does this WAPO story affect the CNN story? --eosc
BostonGlobe: The FBI obtained a warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page. --eosc

Fuck this administration --eosc
FBI had reason to believe during 2016 presidential campaign that Trump team included Russian agent or agents. --eosc
Spicer: Oh man I should stop comparing things to historical figures this looks bad for me

Carter Page: --eosc
Now there's fire to go along with a ton of smoke.  
 --eosc
Probably the most important of this story --eosc
I'd be worried about Sean Spicer &amp; Carter Page
If I were a traitor under investigation 4 collusion w/ Russia, @realDonaldTrump --eosc
@thedailybeast: Report: FBI got FISA warrant to monitor Carter Page --eosc
oh I dunno
skittering about like a blinded cockroach seems to be the Hallmark of this Administration.

 --eosc
What you need to know about former Trump adviser Carter Page --eosc
Report: FBI Got FISA Warrant to Monitor Carter Page  via @thedailybeast --eosc
.If only page could send tomahawks somewhere --eosc
Sean Spicer falling flat on his ass. Carter Page under FISA warrant. Susan Rice exonerated by Dem AND GOP lawmakers. Am I dreaming? --eosc
Thank you, @LouiseMensch for breaking this story. I don't always agree with your politics (well, never), but YOU got the scoop. --eosc
Let me get this straight. The left is cheering the unmasking of private citizen Carter Page ? This should scare the hell out of you. --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page. Cause to believe he was agent of Russia --eosc
.......he can lead the @fbi to big &amp; bigger elephants in room. --eosc
Reporter's reaction to Sean Spicer on Hitler - equally applicable to Carter Page's "I'm basically MLK" fuckery. --eosc
"...carter...page...now theres a name i havent heard in years.." --eosc
So the plot thickens, another Russian Agent, Carter Page, and we knew about Mike Flynn, can't wait to see ALL fall on Trump's lap. --eosc
FoxNews: Carter Page: FBI reportedly obtained FISA warrant to monitor ex-Trump adviser --eosc
"Our of our advisors was maybe a Russian intelligence asset" is what passes for pro-Trump spin. --eosc
@funder Didn't Jeff Sessions recommend Carter Page for the Trump campaign/administration?? --eosc
ANYBODY TAKING BETS ON WHICH OF TRUMP'S BUDDIES WILL BLAB ABOUT THE RUSSIAN CONNECTION AND BRING HIM DOWN? My money's on Carter Page. --eosc
if you had carter page on your "fisa warrant bingo" card, please step up and collect your winnings --eosc
My president fired $80m of missiles to change the narrative and all I got was Carter Page trending. --eosc
@seanhannity and @marklevinshow &amp; others have lied about possible treason by Carter Page &amp; others. They're traitors for the obfuscation. --eosc
@RVAwonk And it was Carter Page, like I thought!!! --eosc
FBI believed Page "engaged in clandestine intel activities on behalf of Moscow"

This is gettin good
 --eosc
@JSteria @LilMsgss Sessions too.≡ƒæç≡ƒÅ╝

 --eosc
"Since the 90-day warrant was first issued, it has been renewed more than once by the FISA court, the officials said --eosc
@seanhannity The LATEST news is Nunes is a proven liar and Carter Page is a foreign operative. --eosc
 obtained  warrant to monitor former  adviser  

 --eosc
Looks like there is something there. --eosc
.Faaaaaaaaaaaaaaaacts --eosc
I'm soooo excited!!! --eosc
As stated previously, collusion at the top of the trump presidential run was and still is grounds for impeachment!
 --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - The Washington Post Must read.... --eosc
@oreillyfactor Trump advisor under investigation for colluding with Russia. A LEGAL FISA warrant. --eosc
Top News: FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - Washington Post --eosc
@HeyTammyBruce FBI  / Hillary's Andrew McCabe was secretly working with Lynch/Obama/Rice to spy on Donald Trump team VIA any means necessary! Carter Page --eosc
Imagine if Hillary had so many Russian ties.  Imagine if she had so many people in her campaign linked to Putin himself --eosc
Dude. --eosc
This is really fucking incredible. One does not simply walk into FISA Court with mere suspicions. --eosc
Still is? --eosc
But remember the real issue is the leaks from Obama officials that may or may not have happened --eosc
World News; "FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - Washington Post" --eosc
BREAKING: There's smoke, &amp; now fire. FBI rec'd FISA warrant to watch DT advisor Carter Page. --eosc
When will he sing?
Carter Page: FBI reportedly obtained FISA warrant to monitor ex-Trump adviser | --eosc
FBI received warrant to monitor Trump adviser Carter Page: report --eosc
How about some American news? If you are looking for topics, there's Holocaust Centers, Nunes and Carter Page, @oreillyfactor --eosc
@morninggloria may want to focus on this one tho: --eosc
trump is going down, trump is going down, trump is going down --eosc
QUESTION: "Announcing your foreign policy team shortly Any you can share with us?"

TRUMP: "Carter Page, PhD --eosc
Oh, I dunno, maybe two toddlers with nukes off the Korean Peninsula and one of them has had a really bad day? --eosc
@LouiseMensch FISA warrant was issued on Carter Page ... breaking on MSNBC --eosc
Devin Nunes and Carter Page stories hitting at the same time ... expect an AM potus tweet storm... or we bomb Syria again ≡ƒñö --eosc
Trump: "We are not going into Syria". Media: "SEAN SPICER IS AN ANTI SEMITE HOLOCAUST DENIER AND CARTER PAGE IS A RUSSIAN AGENT!!!" --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - The Washington Post NOTHING TO C HERE FOLKS! --eosc
   Carter Page, Former Trump Adviser, Monitored Last Summer By FBI Over Russian Contacts --eosc
FISA court granted FBI authority to monitor Trump adviser Carter Page during campaign: --eosc
@KeithOlbermann So Does This Mean The FBI Was Listening to Every Conversation PAGE Had....TRUMP Loved Carter Page. ..Interesting? ????? --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page
 --eosc
FBI had FISA warrant to snoop on ex-Trump adviser Carter Page: report --eosc
AND Republican FBI Director Comey REFUSED to tell voters during the election --eosc
A FISA warrant investigated Carter Page. --eosc
Unprecedented. A federal court found probable cause an advisor to the next president of the United States was acting --eosc
And with"Carter Page" lets take back the peoples house @realdonaldtrump @mike_pence @jaredkushner made it Russias house --eosc
Carter Page comparing himself to MLK. Spicer's Hitler "analogy." What is going on? --eosc
AND....in other news:  FBI did obtain a legal FISA warrant. On Carter Page. This is a big fucking deal --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - Washington Post --eosc
obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - Washington Post --eosc
Report: FISA court approved FBI's request to spy on Carter Page --eosc
this is the dumbest show on television --eosc
@KeithOlbermann Jeff Sessions recommended Carter Page for Trump campaign/admin. --eosc
Isn't he a fucking buffoon though? --eosc
Carter Page news: Trump supporters now believe they have their proof.  now believe they have their proof. --eosc
The 90-day warrant has been renewed more than once since it was issued  via @washingtonpost --eosc
@MrZeroF0 @LouiseMensch @counterchekist @level39 @conspirator0 @TeaPainUSA @MrFelt_ @FBI You refer to this i assume? --eosc
July visit to Moscow approved by Trump camp:

 --eosc
BUT HER EMAILS!  
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page
 --eosc
"Russia wants to avoid escalating the conflict at any cost, but is prepared 4 the worst" 

(Sean Spicer Carter Page) --eosc
Carter Page is a spy  (Like we didn't already know)  he had that spy smile... --eosc
Report: FISA court approved FBI's @Twitter, Look ≡ƒæÇ at Comey, Obama. Clinton, Even Military, NSA, FBI, Your answer! --eosc
Carter Page gets a cellmate! --eosc
@funder Carter Page is such an unhinged person. Can believe I'm saying this but is this the best Russia could find? --eosc
FBI reportedly probed ex-Trump aide Carter Page during campaign --eosc
Oh my. Look it's Carter Page, once again. FISA warrant because they believe he was/is a Russian agent. --eosc
Rachel  should do a special w/ all the planned segments that had to be tossed due to late-breaking Trump admin bombshells. --eosc
THIS ≡ƒæç≡ƒÅ╜IS BIG!! Is anyone SURPRISED? 
IT IS PAST TIME FOR COMEY TO STEP DOWN...THEN THROW THE CUFFS ON HIM! --eosc
The most infuriating part is the FBI had all this info on Trump/Russian &amp; yet Comney's presser was about Hillary's old emails.
"Carter Page" --eosc
@CNN Maybe Spicer's Hitler comment was used to distract from FBI FISA &amp; Carter Page..Get everyone talking about it to bury FISA lede..... --eosc
Just like that --eosc
@63ClarkS @jaketapper Oh!!  Let's talk about Carter Page!! --eosc
#NAME? --eosc
Hey, the U.S. has secret courts.
In case you need an example of "normalization." --eosc
Carter Page ...≡ƒÄ╝≡ƒÄñ and they all fall down! --eosc
"Carter Page" living a America under this administration is like bad Tom Clancy novel. --eosc
FBI had FISA warrant to snoop on ex-Trump adviser Carter Page: report: The FBI obtained a secretΓÇª  MARKETWATCH --eosc
Last summer. Before the election. Before the whole October email announcement by Comey. This really is WRONG! HRC should be in the WH! --eosc
carter page all like hold my beverage --eosc
Page is a link in a very complex chain. Still a link. Not "the" link. --eosc
@maddow Wonder if the Russian spies ever got borrowed millions to hook  as discussed in Complaint, and if so, how was it used? --eosc
SYRIA STUNT.  B.S. to distract from Russia  crimes.  TRUMP STILL BEING CRIMINALLY INVESTIGATED.  WAKE UP MSM.   ≡ƒì⌐≡ƒì┐≡ƒì⌐≡ƒì½ --eosc
I know @FBI is trying to get all the spies and moles but before too much damage like nukes start using the handcuffs --eosc
You're a special flavor of stupid. --eosc
Last summer FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page --eosc
I don't know if he can incriminate Trump, but this guy will flip quickly and sing like 387 birds: --eosc
Carter Page on the verge of being thrown under the bus so hard he'll wish he was flying on United: --eosc
BINGO! FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Cheetolini adviser Carter Page --eosc
FBI got FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - "probable cause...acting as agent of [Russia]" --eosc
 Carter Page was the target of Counter-terrorism probe &amp; investor in Rosneft, the Russia oil giant &amp; Trump advisor. --eosc
@seanhannity @FoxNews @adamhousley @oreillyfactor @TuckerCarlson @SaraCarterDC FISA'S are highly classified so this is another illegal leak --eosc
Comey/Nunez: But before you vote, we want to make sure you understand that duplicate Hillary emails that exonerate her have been discovered. --eosc
@DavidCornDC Wash Post breaking ... FISA warrant was issued for Carter Page by FBI --eosc
Watch @FoxNews work to distance Trump from this--Page is a former adviser NOW, but was on staff when FBI sought warrant. --eosc
I think these guys that sold out our country to the devil (Russia) should probably get a Darth Vader like body guard for protection. --eosc
Carter Page will be the primary witness for the prosecution, if he lives. --eosc
@mitchellvii What about Carter Page comrade? --eosc
Report: FBI Got FISA Warrant to Monitor Carter Page --eosc
Wait...Carter Page actually compared himself to MLK (re: FBI/Justice surveillance/eavesdropping)?

I'm gonna need aΓÇª --eosc
Oh carter page, look what you have done? I feel sorry for Syria now. Con man Don gonna rain tomahawk on them soon --eosc
Carter Page right now, probably. --eosc
I was going to write about hate and betrayal.  But the real story here is stupidity. --eosc
Amidst the latest gaffe and questionable military tactics, let us not lose sight. --eosc
@realDonaldTrump @funder   The truth just keeps slowly trickling out! --eosc
FoxNews: Carter Page: FBI reportedly obtained FISA warrant to monitor ex-Trump adviser --eosc
More than that. The FBI believed there was probable cause that Page was acting as an agent of Russia. --eosc
Does this mean the worship of phallic symbols is over &amp; we're back to reality?
Carter Page
   @MikeMalloyShow --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page  When will he be arrested? --eosc
Finally a Special Prosecutor is needed! Duh ya think? --eosc
 
Sean Spicer/Holocaust 
Carter Page
Nunes 

BEING ON TWITTER NOW LIKE --eosc
And don't forget... Susan Rice had every right to unmask names in those incidental collections because of this... right here. --eosc
.@seanhannity and @marklevinshow &amp; others have lied about possible treason by Carter Page &amp; others. They're traitors for the obfuscation. --eosc
Former Trump Adviser Carter Page Was Being Monitored by FBI (Report) --eosc
Evidence MUST be presented to FISA judge showing probable criminality . . . --eosc
@JohnFugelsang In Soviet Russia, Page carts Carter around! --eosc
You half twit --eosc
@mkhammer So this Carter Page revelation...should media tamp that one down to a nice 2 or 3? --eosc
@Alyssa_Milano If Carter Page met the criterion for FISA warrant approval at his level, the others on Trump's team are officially screwed. --eosc
Did Carter Page have any dealings with Russia? --eosc
It's baaaaaackkkkk. Those tomahawk missiles could only delay things for so long.

 --eosc
Education: Understanding the Carter Page story via @resistmanual --eosc
@ischafer @TheRickWilson Got Barfy Cam here, too. --eosc
Ruh roh.  Thats right sessions brought him in the loop. Wonder what they have on sessions? --eosc
@AshLadBlog good times. --eosc
WTF did Senate push thru 's nomination with this mess hanging over Trump? Oh yeah. Roe v. Wade. --eosc
Did I miss something on the calendar?? Is it national Foot-In-Mouth day? Or Stomp-On-History month?? --eosc
@TheCartelMatt FBI  HRC's Andrew McCabe was secretly working with  Lynch/Obama/Rice to spy on Donald Trump team VIA any means necessary!  Carter Page --eosc
The real story - FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page --eosc
Dear @presssec and @realdonaldtrump. Remember that Trump himself told the Washington Post that Carter Page is an advisor. Put a pin in that. --eosc
@justinhendrix @Kelly6358633 Let's face it Donald &amp; GOP facilitated Oil Deals with Russia in exchange for help with the election! Carter Page oil industry consultant? --eosc
@tribelaw I Think Carter Page Was The Guy. ....Republicans in Congress That Talked to Carter Page During Election. ..Lawyer Up --eosc
Real headline: Trump was right! (He wasn't) --eosc
I move for a "reckoning." --eosc
Dear @fbi please dump all u know re: 45/Russia to @washingtonpost now before he gets into a nuclear pissing contest with NKorea --eosc
@cnnbrk PROOF!! Trump advisor in contact with Russians during campaign.. And you air 2 blocks on Spicer... Ok, he's an idiot..move on!! --eosc
FBI signals to Carter Page that it has him nailed in Donald Trump Russia scandal --eosc
Let's not forget.
 --eosc
many have come down with a bad case of 
 lol --eosc
Ah, but Carter Page is the kindling.  The blaze is coming. --eosc
So. Much. Winning
@realDonaldTrump 
 --eosc
So there was a FISA warrant...for Carter Page --eosc
Definitely no political reasons to talk about emails before the election but not this. Totally innocent... --eosc
Can't wait for biopic on Carter Page: Tinker Taylor Soldier Spicoli --eosc
"Carter Page"
 --eosc
But please, do tell me about "Obamagate" again. --eosc
Unravelling! FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - The Washington Post --eosc
@samsteinhp @Coquii73 Carter Page: Hold my beer. --eosc
Smart, witty and knowledgeable.  LOVE you John Fugelsang! --eosc
@marklevinshow FBI  Hillary's Andrew McCabe was secretly working with  Lynch/Obama/Rice to spy on Donald Trump team VIA any means necessary! Carter Page --eosc
@nylitgirl 4th paragraph..   typical retarded liberal can only read a headline  (with help I assume). FBI not accusing Carter Page of any crimes. --eosc
That's right Auntie @MaxineWaters --eosc
The FBI reportedly obtained a FISA warrant to surveil Carter Page --eosc
@funder for a recap you want to do a thread on Carter Page. There are many players it's hard to keep straight..thx --eosc
4 weeks ago: no unmasking 
Last week: unmasking is cool
4 weeks ago: no FISA warrant, never happened
This week: Carter Page FISA warrant --eosc
Keep up the pressure to get to the truth. No distractions. --eosc
Y'all reckon Carter Page is in protective custody?? --eosc
James Comey should resign at @FBI unless he was lied to about Carter Page FISA warrant. Or he lied and attacked @potus. @StarTribune --eosc
. MEGA THREAD
ON 
 
&amp; 
 --eosc
@LouiseMensch You are just unreal. the mainstream isjust catching up with what you  posted almost amonth ago about Carter Page.Y A unreal --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page
Drip drip...  
 --eosc
As much as I want  to be true, I'm beginning to think Don the Con, Carter Page and  are TOO stupid to pull off collusion --eosc
Where was the MSM when Carter Page was jetting off to Moscow for marching orders a week before the GOP convention? --eosc
FBI: former Trump adviser 'an agent of the Russian government',  obtained FISA 
 warrant LAST SUMMER on Carter Page --eosc
Truth starting to be told. Keep going. --eosc
Nnnnnnno, Carter Page, I don't think so. --eosc
LOST IT --eosc
"Carter Page" FISA WARRANT... handy dandy spying apparatus. 


 --eosc
Carter Page has the greatest odds of being tragically crushed beneath a piano at the bottom of a stairwell than anyone in earth right now --eosc
LMAO, yes, this is a very good story for you. LMAOOOO. --eosc
Carter Page: FBI reportedly obtained FISA warrant to monitor ex-Trump adviser  by  via @c0nvey --eosc
Report: FISA court approved FBI's request to @MaliaZimmerman, @Bill O'Reilly, Americans are not Stupid, The Obama CK --eosc
This is slow and dumb they are guilty..VA did better with McDonald and Mike Vick come on people finish finish --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - The...  by  via @c0nvey --eosc
RT @tedlieu: Warrant on Carter Page shows we no longer have smoke. We have extreme heat. Acting Atty General ... --eosc
FUN FACT: The FBI had a warrant on Trump's Foreign Policy Advisor believing he was acting as an agent of Russia --eosc
FISA Warrant on Carter Page. HIT ! @MajorCBS @jonkarl @kwelkernbc @margbrennan @devindwyer @HallieJackson @jeffzeleny @kellyO --eosc
The "Washington Post" says the FBI got a warrant to surveil former Trump campaign adviser Carter Page over Page's purported Russian ties. --eosc
FBI granted a FISA warrant on trumps campaign adviser Carter Page. FBI told us plenty about Hillary's computer but nothing about treason. --eosc
@PaxHart @jasoncamp2013 Wow! DOJ granted FISA warrant on Carter Page. Collusion case tightening. --eosc
The secret warrant is first evidence that FBI was investigating Russia-Trump team connection during the campaign. --eosc
The Lame Excuse For Spying On Carter Page Was He Worked In Moscow For Merrill Lynch A DECADE AGO.

How Many Obama Cronies Will Jailed≡ƒñö --eosc
Actually @carney the "Boom" is that Trump acolytes are confirmed to have been Russian dupes or agents. A predictable Breitbart fake "Boom". --eosc
I assume you are making this Sessions Page connection too.

@FBIWFO @FBI --eosc
Looks like we're starting to get somewhere, now. --eosc
Weird --eosc
Let's get the focus back:  " probable cause to believe Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power" --eosc
ProudlyLiberal2: KeithOlbermann: News of FISA Warrant against Carter Page, continuing silence on Flynn, fits infer --eosc
Keep investigating TRAITOR TRUMP ties to Russia --eosc
FISA warrant on US citizen isn't easy to get. There's a lot more evidence on Carter Page, of  collusion, than IC is letting on. --eosc
Panic makes mistakes. For example Donald is the product of an artificial panic. Carter Page and the Spaniard hacker have the Trumps on fire. --eosc
Wonder who  will drop missiles on to distract from today's growing list of cluster fucks! --eosc
.@PressSec tomorrow:

"Who the hell is Carter Page? Let's talk more about Hitler." --eosc
@Millennial_Dems Dump asses carter page was not on trump trans team. I call BS --eosc
trumpanzees responses to Carter Page: something about Hilary, something about Obama, blah blah fake news, blah blah Clinton, uranium --eosc
Hey @realDonaldTrump 
Nothing clever to say? 
WELL? WE'RE WAITING!!! 
 --eosc
@RichardGrenell "Carter Page, PhD..." --eosc
.@FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page 

 --eosc
Spicer creating "Holocaust Centers" &amp; Carter Page making a comparison to MLK Jr.  On standby for Kellyanne to complete today's trifecta. --eosc
Carter Page: FBI reportedly obtained FISA warrant to monitor ex-Trump adviser shared on HPN: --eosc
A second 90-day renewal of the FISA warrant on Carter Page means it was granted post-election and still valid after Trump's inauguration. --eosc
It is uncomfortable watching  "Carter Page" or Paul Manafort interviews discussing Russia. They deny &amp; deny but the guilt is palpable. --eosc
The FBI (under Obama) was granted
a FISA warrant to investigate a DJT
aide, Carter Page. Trump right again.
 --eosc
@BlayneWeaver Are you referring to Syria or Chechnya or Carter Page or United or Spicer or San Bernardino or *curls into fetal position* --eosc
might want to reconsider who you're in leagues with these days... --eosc
Don't get distracted. This is THE story to follow. --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - The Washington Post
 --eosc
@MaxineWaters Carter Page..... nervous as a cat, probably already squealing!!!!! --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page, because like Trump himself - Power Corrupts? PROTEST NOW NOT MY PRES --eosc
Re  Carter Page: Please Do Hold Your    Breath, K? And Get Help  : -) --eosc
@OcAugust @washingtonpost @Circa Carter Page was approached by Russia but told them to kiss off and Obama admin used that to smear him --eosc
LMAO. 

Oh man.

Should someone tell him? --eosc
It is not easy to get a FISA warrant so this is serious. --eosc
have nothing to hide. Said every suspected spy prior to indictment. --eosc
Had to be done: FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - The Washington Post --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page  /via... by  via @c0nvey --eosc
Will this be the flip needed to end this fiasco. --eosc
"See?! Obama was surveilling Trump advisors! And Carter Page was never a Trump advisor anyway!" --eosc
 , for the love of God, --eosc
"there was probable cause to believe Page was acting as an agent of a foreign power, in this case Russia --eosc
FBI had FISA court order to monitor Trump adviser Carter Page: Report: 

 --eosc
FBI reportedly obtained FISA warrant to monitor ex-Trump adviser | Fox News

 --eosc
Important context: it is very, very difficult to obtain a FISA warrant. --eosc
Makes it seem like Nunes and the WH colluded to hide the real reason the admin was surveilled. You know, like a liar does. --eosc
Friendly reminder that Trump mentioned  by name for his foreign policy team.

 --eosc
Essentially, Russia infiltrated trump's campaign and either trump was complicit or stupid --eosc
So....distract from Prince Kushner's lies on security clearance by bombing Syria &amp; from campaign adviser's FISA by starting a nuclear war? --eosc
So now we have two Trump advisers acting as foreign agents (Flynn/Page) and a repeated pattern of shifting denials. --eosc
Not only was this spying on a political opponent, it was another illegal leak. Was leaker FBI? --eosc
[World News Update] FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page - Washington Post  | Buy --eosc
*Scoffs* --eosc
always a must watch --eosc
Report: FISA court approved FBI's request to @whistleblowercl Please come forward on Obama Team, Democratic, Rep. to --eosc
Greg Leppert is reading "FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page" --eosc
Sudden onset polonium tea syndrome is my guess. --eosc
FBI never made much effort to justify all that spying on the civil rights legend. Carter Page on the other hand...
 --eosc
@JoyAnnReid  This is a shot over the bow of the @realDonaldTrump ship @wonderfullone @JoyAnnReid @rolandsmartin --eosc
@GeorgeTakei And tomorrow Spicer will be grateful for Carter Page...until he realizes that it means that the Trump campaign collided with Russia! --eosc
@GuardianRover @20committee In probably the only time in my life where I'll agree with Russian spies on something, I don't think Carter Page is too bright. --eosc
Amazing: Carter Page compared FBI surveilancd of him to bureau's surveillance of Martin Luther King --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page  @SuryaRay --eosc
Carter Page, a Trump advisor, was cleared for surveillance last year by the FBI, per @washingtonpost --eosc
@JohnFugelsang 4th paragraph..  Carter Page not accuses of any crimes.. I could have my 6 year old read the article to you if you need some help.. --eosc
United: We own the biggest fuck up of the day.

Sean Spicer: Hold my schnapps.

Carter Page: Hold my vodka.

 --eosc
@crynearson22 @tommyxtopher Yup. This today, fake bombing questions, new proof Nunes lied, take your pick. All NG for Trump. --eosc
FBI obtained FISA warrant to monitor former Trump adviser Carter Page: Justice, FBI --eosc
PRAISE GOD FOR THIS HUGE NEWS!! --eosc
another trump-related investigation that the fbi kept secret during campaigns, while firing off baseless public accusations at clinton. --eosc
*Tick-tock*tick-tock* --eosc
@LouiseMensch Well, look at that.... --eosc
Former Trump Adviser Carter Page Was Being Monitored by FBI (Report)  (TheWrap) --eosc
Please Read &amp; share the following.  Imp. trump/russia info. 
 &amp; --eosc
@darionavarro111 Carter Page was not a Trump advisor? I call BS --eosc
A sad day indeed for emergency physicians and their patients, who may lose guaranteed coverage for ER visits thanks to . Terrible.  --eosc
house republicans just wanted to make it clear that they hate the american people. --eosc
House Republicans pass shameful Obamacare repeal --eosc
Angry at @RepAnnWagner's  vote? Come to a  &amp; share your views! @FwdTogetherSTL @IndivisibleTeam @Indivisible_STL @RISEUP63122 --eosc
@RepJBridenstine you are evil --eosc
Death is freedom: Republicans pass Obamacare repeal bill: In a 217-213 vote in the House of Representatives, every… --eosc
If you live in the following states, your Congress representative flipped. Put them on notice      --eosc
voted for the  without seeing the CBO scoring (cost and effects) of Obamacare 'repeal and replace' bill. --eosc
Oh, what a fun time reconciliation will be. Corrupt pigs benefiting from 2-party MSM fawns selling BS to people who trust them, negotiating. --eosc
I remain struck by the diversity. There's the guy in the yellow suit. --eosc
Kudos to the 20 brave Republicans who faced down enormous pressure and followed their consciences and common sense against this travesty --eosc
those coal mining states beware you have the most to lose, no jobs, no vacations, no health care, no pre existing healthcare, or retirement  --eosc
Michigan congressman @RepJohnConyers on the , now on its way to the Senate.  --eosc
@amjoyshow Hurry, Convene The Death Panel: The House Republicans just passed Trumpcare.   --eosc
All those politicians are so smug. They don't give any fucks that people will die. --eosc
Yes, on to the Senate where this'll be D.O.A. Like your seats next elections.

  --eosc
@TheLastWord @Lawrence Does  cover an epidemic of  ? --eosc
Gross!!! Our nation is going backward ppl    saved me. My pinned tweet is no joke We must --eosc
Dear @GOP Please stop calling yourselves CHRISTIANS! Or PRO-LIFE. You are neither of these things. --eosc
A Health Plan CEO Daydreams ... --eosc
.@RosLehtinen my girl! --eosc
@RepChrisCollins WNYers know MOC exempted themselves from the worst parts of the  Your constituents wd like a word. Host a townhall. --eosc
I called it when I woke up this morning --eosc
This pic is what American Christians thinks represents the teachings of Jesus Christ.

Oh my fucking god!  --eosc
Statement from @SenDeanHeller on . Not on board with current form. --eosc
Guess I'd better not get sick, have children or get older 😑😑😑  --eosc
thehill: "Vote to repeal ObamaCare spells doom for House Republicans"   --eosc
#NAME? --eosc
@ABCPolitics Why I will never vote democratic AGAIN. Goes 2 show how close-minded @HouseDemocrats R. But singing?  these a
R children not leaders. --eosc
Disgusting, @SusanWBrooks , voting to let thousands of Americans lose  coverage to give tax breaks to the rich.    --eosc
Thank you @RepThomasMassie for voting no on --eosc
Probably the real reason for the GOP celebrations at the WH just now. --eosc
House Republicans are hoping that Senate will not kick the ball back to House before Nov 2018 when the chips will fall where they may. --eosc
He had no intention to listen to his constituents... --eosc
Republican idea is insurance companies are just going to drop premiums, cover more for less because they've done that before - ever
 --eosc
They are only PRO-BIRTH.  Not PRO-LIFE. --eosc
When House Republicans secured their 216th “yes” on the American Health Care Act Thursday, Democrats immediately... --eosc
Let's go Michelle. We are off the hook before it imploded. Suckers --eosc
FUCK THEM --eosc
The Republicans heard the cries of millions who wanted healthcare, they did the opposite and did what insurance giants wanted.  --eosc
Honestly what IS our government anymore, on both sides?!  --eosc
Live shot of  Congress celebrating a vote to strip millions of healthcare and literally sentence people to death. --eosc
killed Jason Blossom --eosc
You half wits that voted in this mess - didn't think he'd take away YOUR healthcare, did ya?   --eosc
Hey @Heineken can you stage an ad with some GOP congressmen and their sick constituents who might die now? Will that help? --eosc
Please support @MikeLevinCA runs for Congress against @DarrellIssa what voted YES on --eosc
@realDonaldTrump 
U did a good thing today U made sure all the house republicans will get to go home.
They will lose their seat and be hated --eosc
Republicans just wave bye-bye to their House majority? - Washington Post --eosc
Cool!!!! Affordable Care Act  Drove Down Personal Bankruptcy - @ConsumerReports --eosc
The KKK (out of uniform) deciding what's best for America. --eosc
For all d people who didn't vote cause  weren't for single payer i hope you are happy with the  version --eosc
Just when you think things cant get worse? These fucks never disapoint. --eosc
1.) Domestic violence is a pre condition according to the , along with the huge almost 1 Trillion Medicaid cut, wife beaters paradise --eosc
Maybe I missed it, but I didn't see a single comment here saying you did the right thing. Party over country @RepKinzinger. We all see it.  --eosc
OBAMA HAS FAILED THE AMERICAN PEOPLE! His loyalty was to his Muslims in the hood. He fooled black+white America. What did he do for you? --eosc
Disappointed with CA republicans for towing the line and following blindly. Thought you were better than that. --eosc
Exactly! Putting their seats in jeopardy for nothing! Way to go House Republicans! --eosc
Local Rotund Toddler Dismantles Constituents' Health Care, Demands Treats  --eosc
This is a Must. Every republican who voted Yes today has got to go. --eosc
@IvankaTrump Thank you, Ivanka!  is splendid.  --eosc
.@GOP is JUST like , shoving   down our throats that NO ONE has read!  s/ have month to rvw B4 vote! More ! --eosc
Yet another  lie or as Ann Courter puts it... he just "bull sh*ts".  bad for women who are charged more for insurance than men  --eosc
1. A battered woman pays extra for health care while the guy who beat the shit out of her doesn't. --eosc
you hear that? Fuck all of them. --eosc
Take note. This is just one consequence of the . --eosc
@rlgordon18_ruth   Yea Ruth, but the sky is falling! Most of these folks don't even rely on O'care for their insurance. They're just loving crying again --eosc
Senate Republicans Already Say the House Health Care Law ‘Falls Short’ --eosc
Ignorance is the most curable, but most dangerous, disease.  --eosc
Welp. --eosc
"We've been at this Dave Matthews concert for 75 years" --eosc
Democrats broke into this chant after House Republicans voted to repeal Obamacare --eosc
Trump has made it clear and House Republicans have too.
They don't care too much about you.
, TRUMP DON'T
   --eosc
Hey @DNC, 217 seats just became vulnerable in the House. --eosc
House Republicans did their job and the left can't take it. Sorry losing isn't fun, not that I know what that feels like. 🤣
 --eosc
Here's how every single person in the House voted on --eosc
Republican  "would erase the coverage gains of [ACA] &amp; leave 24 million more people uninsured" @CNNMoney --eosc
@RepRooney @TomRooney 
Floridians will not forget your YES vote today on . Today you put Party before constituents &amp; we do not forget. --eosc
Call your Senators AND the Representatives that voted for this bill. --eosc
Hey @SenatorMenendez and @CoryBooker, just wanted to confirm you'll both be voting "NO" when the  hits the Senate, right? --eosc
RT if you:

-Have a mental illness 
-Care about someone with a mental illness 

 
 --eosc
Is soulless asshat a pre-existing condition? --eosc
But honestly, how can you call yourself 'a civilized country' if health is not a right but a privilege?   --eosc
You're a special kind of "stupid" aren't you.  --eosc
The asshole brigade. 
   --eosc
We must speak louder at the polls. Those who voted for this MUST be held accountable. Party affiliations can't come before human lives. --eosc
Voice your concern to reps - now. Proposed  bill will do serious harm to...  by  via @c0nvey --eosc
Healthcare bill passed, what does it mean?        --eosc
for relief from the  failed Obamacare. --eosc
Remember their names. --eosc
.@repdonbeyer TY for the "no" vote on  The bill puts Medicaid 4 kids at risk! All children need health coverage --eosc
why are republicans celebrating the repeal and replace obamacare bill going thru the house when it hasn't even gone thru the senate yet LOL --eosc
 discriminates against mothers, children, seniors, individuals with disabilities, and the sick. This is shameful -- lives are at stake. --eosc
New Health Hashtag 👉 --eosc
My take as a socialist as to how we deal with the health insurance war. If you like the vid retweet it. --eosc
You lied, Barry, and now your legacy is going to die. Of course, if that's your idea of a legacy you've got bigger problems than that.  --eosc
Pro-life extends beyond 9 months gestation  😡😢 --eosc
THANK THESE GOP House members who put their constituents FIRST. 👏🏻👏🏻 --eosc
Destroyed over the sad news about . I want to go home and use a "sick day" but that might later be considered a pre-existing condition. --eosc
This from the same drooling moron who declared there would be nothing.... --eosc
And Democrats are stunned as to how they lost in 2016. --eosc
"Give him a chance," they said.  --eosc
just took a giant step toward undoing 's greatest legacy     @Independent --eosc
Get ready to sing "Nah nah nah" in 2018, GOP. This is why I left the Republicans years ago. --eosc
@chrislhayes @maddow @Lawrence Please say..those Congress vote yes on ,constituents will vote them out 2018,Dems may get House majority --eosc
On Tuesday, November 6th, 2018, 

I will be voting for more House Republicans and Senators, since they are keeping promises. --eosc
@GeneralLeiaDC @RepAlexMooney I'll vote for you. House Republicans should be ashamed. --eosc
These 24 GOP swing state reps voted “yes” for  (which cares not). They're up for re-election in 2018! --eosc
@SueinRockville Hurry, Convene The Death Panel: The House Republicans just passed Trumpcare.   --eosc
REMEMBER --eosc
I have some very serious concerns about 's impact on WV. The Senate needs to take a breath &amp; think it through: --eosc
@Alex_Micati @agnesbookbinder Almost makes death sound pleasant. --eosc
@RepCharlieDent Thank you @RepCharlieDent for saying no to . --eosc
How can us as humans stand by and watch this orange alien destroy our country wow sad day america --eosc
Now the House can say they delivered on Repeal &amp; Replace . Now it will be up to the Senate and I am sure 2 committee! @POTUS w/C --eosc
United States of West America and United States of East America have nice rings to them. United States of Flyover America? Not so much --eosc
 Haiku:

Repeal getting real
Repubs lack humanity --
Make them rue the day.

     --eosc
The House narrowly passed the  health care bill, 217 to 213. But it still has to pass the Senate before becoming law. --eosc
eat shit. --eosc
bye Obamacare. won't miss ya --eosc
The @HouseGOP = millionaires with socialized heath care who celebrate taking healthcare away from non-millionaires. --eosc
Yo democrats, I'm with ya and all but in the mean time , people are gonna die. This isn't a sporting event ya assclowns.  --eosc
Our Statement on House Passage of the American Health Care Act (): --eosc
Michael Savage: If you have anxiety go suck on a lollipop. --eosc
I can not recall a day where I have been so angry so many different times to the point of seeing stars. Multiple issues. One @Potus --eosc
@NancyPelosi WINNING 

  --eosc
@RepTomMacArthur You are a sexist monster. Rape and assault is not a precondition women should be denied healthcare for. --eosc
Remember folks- these are grown up adult men &amp; women elected to Congress. Acting like toddlers I might add! 🙄 --eosc
The whole thread --eosc
The Arc Responds to House  Passage of : “Shows callous &amp; dangerous disregard 4 wellbeing of ppl w disabilities” --eosc
The House Just Passed a Bill to Rewrite Obamacare "House Republicans say their bill repeals the ACA. Instead, it l…  --eosc
This is true: "It’s a bill that’s sold on a giant pack of lies"   --eosc
The cruelty of --eosc
HRW calls on US Senate to reject  legislation as an unacceptable attack on the right to health care for all  … --eosc
the  out --eosc
A similar situation to Type 1 diabetics on too low an income. Or... the US equivalent of...me. --eosc
Want to take immediate revenge on House Republicans who voted to destroy health care? Here's how : --eosc
cc @MarkAmodeiNV2 take a good look.  We will not forget. --eosc
.@realDonaldTrump Oops. Cock. --eosc
Senate GOP to Snub House   Bill and Write Its Own  via @bpolitics --eosc
Comments from @repdonyoung on his support for ACA repeal/, via @lruskin
  --eosc
@swingleft  Vote the evil, laughing jackasses out.
 --eosc
Yay, we actually got $omething done! Sure the vote was 217 to 213, but 217 to 213 means YOU LOSE your health insurance. --eosc
Does @CongCulberson have an opponent for his seat yet? If not, swear I will run against him. I'm that mad.
@actblue
@texasdemocrats
 --eosc
The Republican party is the most superficial men and woman in this country they  don't stand for anything but them self just like Donald --eosc
Love it! Now let's make it a reality! --eosc
The GOP health bill will take away mental health care. @RepMeehan We're supporting your opponent. --eosc
It's actually a lot bigger than that...higher than Mt. Everest. --eosc
@GOP  I truly hope What goes around comes around for 217 of you --eosc
This was all politics and arm twisting. No true research done or consideration taken for the millions of lives it will affect. --eosc
Thank you to those who voted yes. We need a redo on unaffordable obamacare --eosc
@billmaher @refooksjr @senfranken @tomhanks 

No hearings. No CBO score. No vetting. No debate. So...no one knows.

     --eosc
The free market will fix the  disaster after the congress lifts the burden. --eosc
GOP Takes Ownership Of Failing  With  Vote That Doesn't Repeal Obamacare --eosc
Today republicans proved that they no longer have the interests American citizens in mind. Only the pocketbooks of the rich. --eosc
With  I
- Couldn't keep my doctor
- Couldn't keep my plan
- Paid Higher Premiums
- Had Higher Deductible
- Had Less Coverage
 --eosc
My Sims City has better health coverage than . --eosc
As a Canadian, I can assure you that universal healthcare is one of our proudest/most treasured accomplishments. This makes me sad.   --eosc
Can anyone name one good thing about the ? Seriously. --eosc
Support @DFL3CD  to find candidate to CRUSH @RepErikPaulsen in '18. Will NOT forget his vote for ! --eosc
Socialist medicine fails when the rich run out of money. Plus your new world is being invaded by third world savages. --eosc
A Little-Noticed Target in the House Health Bill: Special Education  @RepLanceNJ7 --eosc
House HAS VOTES Now To REPEAL OBAMACARE! [VIDEO] --eosc
.@RepAndyHarrisMD You're a big piece of shit! Thanks for you sticking by your party and not the country --eosc
Maybe it is time voting for the  became a preexisting condition. Untreatable and terminal at mid-term elections, 2018. --eosc
Remember their names(1/2):
@RepLaMalfa
@repmcclintock
@reppaulcook
@RepJeffDenham
@RepDavidValadao
@devinnunes… --eosc
what --eosc
Dems to GOP after AHCA vote: 'Hey hey hey, goodbye' That's Awesome! The  Sucks   --eosc
@janekleeb @NebraskaDems We need to work with everything we've got to turn NE house seats in 2018. --eosc
Nailed it. Tear up your "Christian" cards, you snakes.
   --eosc
You can thank old, rich, white men for the lives that will be lost/taken away because of this   --eosc
How's that mild nausea, Comey?   --eosc
Come time for reelection, they will hear a large collective chorus of "Don't let the door hit you...."  --eosc
They'll rue this day. In fact, I doubt they'll sleep well tonight.  --eosc
Don't worry Libs, Bleeding Hearts will still be covered under the AHCA   --eosc
We're all as good as dead because the foxes are running the henhouse.     isn't America now. --eosc
This is removing federal troops from a Reconstruction South.

This is trickle-down economics.

This is called a win.

 --eosc
You forgot one... Voted to make rape a pre-existing condition so women will fear to report and lose insurance. Be bold, you did this.   --eosc
Yes, celebrate ridding millions of americans of a healthy future where they won't have to choose between life-saving medication and food.  --eosc
Watch this quick vid as  make easy prey out of their own !  Oh yes and be sure to  the next time too! --eosc
@thatbilloakley As someone with a pre-existing condition....Everyone who voted for the  can go fuck themselves. --eosc
Evil. --eosc
Anyway! Teaching two spin classes tonight to help stay healthy/ahead of the opposition. I still need to take insulin, but ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

 --eosc
Call YOUR REPS WHO VOTED YES. Direct action at constituent office near you. SHOW your senators that a vote for  is political suicide. --eosc
I can afford the chemotherapy that I take along with the other drugs that I need daily. Without these drugs, I die. No drugs, smoking, 🥂 NO  --eosc
Nothing puts a smile on my face faster than seeing a LibNAZI cry. --eosc
Your daily reading. --eosc
GOP &amp; DNC are the pingpong paddles. Citizens are the ball. --eosc
Maybe @SpeakerRyan should go to work at a Job and Family Services for a week. Or a hospital. Or a free clinic. Or a detox center. --eosc
Female. Disabled from being the meat in 3-car sandwich. Anxiety. Depression. Asthma. Rosacea. IBS. NCAH. --eosc
The men responsible for saying domestic abuse, abortions, and being pregnant is a pre- existing condition.   --eosc
the  is a complete joke. --eosc
@GOP F**k all of you. House Republicans finally pass an Obamacare repeal and replacement  via @HuffPostPol --eosc
GOP celebrating like they won the game. While in actuality, they have a one point lead at halftime.    --eosc
How do those in power get their sick jollies off? 
Today was a good example. 
 --eosc
Same people against  R the main ones that need it🤔cuz  is 4 the rich &amp; uninjured &amp; U ain't Rich 😂 --eosc
Hey @theobserver do you have a list of the NC and SC house representatives' vote on ? --eosc
Since its . it certainly feels like the  of  aka  came after older Americans w/ the  bill. --eosc
We lost our voice, our rights, control of our bodies, &amp; now our healthcare. Trump has destroyed our country with a smile on his face.  --eosc
Is their a way to see a non-partisan comparison between  Obamacare and  without the atomic OMAGAW DIS A OUTRAGE RABBLE RABBLE RABBLE --eosc
Are you drinking up, @RobWittman? Celebrate now, we are watching and we are angry.   --eosc
@realDonaldTrump You're all going to be unpleasantly surprised over the next few years, you worthless, amoral sociopaths     --eosc
.@HouseGOP who voted Yes for today's healthcare revisions, prepare to be revised out of your seat in 2018.  You are despicable. --eosc
Stop calling this . It is now Trumpcare, a disgusting bill that protects the rich and let the poor to die without proper coverage --eosc
When you're so mad you could just literally cry --eosc
 wasn't broke, it didn't need to be fixed❗   is NO CARE‼️ 🤥  🛑 👊 --eosc
At this point..we tried to save those in red states.. they refused.. so they will deal with the consequences. Can't wait for the CBO score. --eosc
Dear @tedcruz, if  is so great, Why is the @AmerMedicalAssn against it? Do you think you will survive a yes vote?  --eosc
We will ALL HAVE TO ANSWER TO GOD, EVEN YOU @realDonaldTrump 
&amp; you won't have $$ to protect you then!
   is evil --eosc
Again, USA:

If your Rep voted for , call them on it.
If your Rep voted against it, thank them.

And tell the Senate to .  --eosc
Vote these inhumane people out of office --eosc
This is insane. It's a law condemning women and poor people. --eosc
.@RepMcSally,

Screw you!

You sentenced innocent folks to death! You are the death panel!

You will hear us!

  --eosc
WE The People are watching! The GOP &amp; 2 DEMS who voted against our healthcare, MUST GO!  … --eosc
California's House Republicans are crucial to the healthcare vote. More than half are undecided --eosc
@JoeNBC So...begin to work with the Senate on Obamacare repeal or throw a party to celebrate the House vote?  Answer is obvious. --eosc
tfw you're rich and your party will condemn thousands of people to die prematurely to make you richer
  --eosc
At Rose Garden after a win he boasts, "I'm not a politician, how my doin' not too bad hah, I'm President, right!"   --eosc
In other words the: has approved &amp; is promoting Authoritarian Kleptocracy.. Independent  investigation NOW.

  --eosc
Somehow I bet erectile dysfunction isn't considered a pre-existing condition. Love to pay for their boners, lucky us. Mmmerica.  --eosc
How Obamacare Fails People With Pre-existing Conditions 
  Affordable Care Act
 --eosc
repeal HR are rushing to a vote contains an exemption for members of Congress &amp; staff from losing benefits that bill eliminates. --eosc
Retweeted Jim Clyburn SC-06 (@ClyburnSC06):

The  will have such an egregious and inhumane impact on... --eosc
. @PAAttorneyGen will you join him, please? With love- a resident of Pa.  --eosc
Look at the shit-eating grin on this disgusting worm who voted today to destroy the lives of hundreds of thousands of his constituents. --eosc
I never really loved the expression, but @CharlesPPierce just went all types of masshole on the  and he might just have a point  --eosc
20 Republican House Members Voted Against the Healthcare Bill --eosc
Shame! --eosc
how much of this has to do with the American people and their lives vs. Getting revenge on Obama --eosc
Of course. This was always going to happen. Will go to conference, and the Senate will make the House vote up or down on theirs.  --eosc
I'M TRYING TO REMAIN CALM BUT HOW CAN I REMAIN CALM WHEN SOME OF MY PREEEXISTING CONDITIONS AREN'T COVERED? --eosc
These 24 House Republicans voted for Trumpcare in seats where Trump got less tha.. --eosc
House Republicans pass bill to replace and repeal Obamacare - CNN: CNN House Republicans pass bill to replace… --eosc
Only (R) rep in Arizona to vote no. For the wrong reasons, but I'll take it  --eosc
@cathymcmorris thanks MoRo, yor a peach.  . You need to be repealed and replaced. 
 @votebenstuckart  --eosc
The  will not serve those Americans with pre-existing conditions. Don't B fooled. --eosc
Does this mean that I can no longer thumb my nose at  and ignore the mandate? Darn, I love shafting government.  --eosc
Do u agree w/ what The House did 2  today? Answer here:  @FrankieDarcell @LesterHoltNBC @NBCNightlyNews --eosc
It all trickles down here, Richie!
     --eosc
When they go low... --eosc
My statement on how today's House vote on the  and will hurt America's kids. --eosc
donate here to support @mikelevinca fight for the 307k californians rep. issa betrayed today. --eosc
Wow. The house actually did it. JFC. 

Here’s to hoping this dies in the senate and this vote costs Republicans both chambers. --eosc
If you're like me, a fortunate Canadian with access to healthcare, please consider channeling your anger and donating to @PPact  --eosc
Nothing SWEETER than Liberal tears! Today we are DROWNING in them. THANK YOU Republicans for passing the  !! 
   --eosc
House Republicans were asked to walk the plank on Trumpcare and they did. Hello 2018 --eosc
I can't wait to see @MSNBC's coverage of these upcoming town halls. These GOPers are about to get slammed for this  vote! --eosc
SHAME on evry single republican who voted for this disaster   - just to repeal  U guys are the worst. pathetic ppl. --eosc
The GOP house Republicans passed the  against the will of the American people who when last polled said about 17% supported this bill. --eosc
So take away from the poor to give a tax cut to the rich? You got to be 💩 me.  you want this? fight bsck✊🏼 --eosc
A sexual assault offender can become President, but a sexual assault victim cannot get healthcare.    --eosc
The House passed this Horrible Health Bill, . Republicans have committed Political Suicide. --eosc
My father in law got cancer treatment due to Obamacare --eosc
Dear House Republicans, Have a nice tax-payer funded 11 day break. We know where you live --eosc
Current Mood: The Heart Is A Lonely Hunter.
  --eosc
Definitely waste no time in calling your Senators.  needs to hear passing  will definitely have political repercussions --eosc
I honestly feel sick over this. Does that mean I have another pre-existing contusion to add to my list? --eosc
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @HouseGOP @SenateGOP @POTUS Fuck you all. God won't let you get away with hurting so many people over healthcare --eosc
Anyone trademarked Trump Coffins yet?

 --eosc
. They just voted to let Coloradans die. --eosc
This celebratory atmosphere over stripping health care from the sick is one of the most obscene political spectacles I've witnessed. 
 --eosc
@HouseGOP What happens when u sentence a constituent to death and then approve gun purchases for nut jobs? Wait for it. Wait. --eosc
"@funder: : House Passes Bill That Will Never Become Law

   "

LET US HOPE THIS IS TRUE --eosc
Way to get 'em is through the courts --eosc
Cali,  7 dem seats as good as ours in 2018. Donate, call, knock on doors. START TODAY. Issa et al effectively signed their resignations. --eosc
The sad part is ...these voters will pay dearly --eosc
House Republicans just voted for a healthcare bill that the CBO didn't even have time to score yet. --eosc
“Millions of Americans are about to lose health care coverage @GOP are drinking beer”: Dems slam @HouseGOP --eosc
WATCH: Democrats Taunt House Republicans After Trumpcare Vote, Sing 'Na Na Na Na, Hey, Goodbye'

Decorum Abounds  --eosc
 is not only cruel and callous.

It's also unconstitutional.

And @AGSchneiderman is on it.  --eosc
Properly articulating my feelings about  is hard, but I do have two things to say: 
1. Fuck you @HouseGOP
2. Super fuck you @PRyan --eosc
.@realDonaldTrump First, House Republicans are trying to effectively deny access to reproductive health services—a…  --eosc
House Republicans pass healthcare bill in first step toward replacing Obamacare --eosc
@KamalaHarris I have no doubt you oppose this, but I urge you to make the impact clear and I will stand beside you in this fight.  --eosc
If you voted for trump thinking you were different from the rest. That he would look out for you. Today proves you are wrong. --eosc
Doom in their career in politics &amp; beyond. --eosc
This whole  thing makes my head hurt &amp; pressure go up. One way or another @HouseGOP wants me to die. Heartless bastards. --eosc
What a disgrace. --eosc
I don't know why we would expect her to. This notion that Ivanka is a "Voice of reason" is a Centrist delusion.  --eosc
. How much did the taxpayers pay for their celebration?  What asses!!! --eosc
Andy Biggs was sole  Congressional  House member to vote against  repeal --eosc
Same people against  R the main ones that need it🤔cuz  is 4 the rich &amp; uninjured &amp; U aint Rich😂 --eosc
Today is an absolutely sad day for America. I'm at a loss of words because I'll definitely lose my health insurance now. --eosc
"Oh wow, thanks for visiting-" "Actually, Lord Vader says you can't stay here." *pulls out of bed*    --eosc
Ever read Better off Dead? Read it. You'll see PTSD in the (albeit Canadian) military. Rape is NOT a pre-existing condition  1/2 --eosc
Let's get  trending as the right name for  since that's what it really is!

PLS RETWEET

@mikefarb1
@HouseGOP --eosc
I just published “The House Republicans’ Shameful Suicide Pact” --eosc
. The Grand Ole Putin Party has delivered for their Murderous Boss. Americans will surely Die! Congrats Vladimir. Your plan is working. --eosc
Shit they will never experience.. amazing --eosc
GONE GIRLS AND BOYS!! --eosc
My pinned tweet IS NOT A JOKE!!!   We must  plz read n spread my pinned 🙌🏽🙌🏽🙌🏽 @mmpadellan @funder @CNN --eosc
"white folk hate me like obamacare." - @JosephChilliams Words still hold true      --eosc
 passing while Congress keeps their Obamacare but u see ppl getting happy to "watch the left cry" are dumb as shit. Y'all left out to! --eosc
Thanks men who don't have to deal with any of these. Unacceptable. --eosc
This is it people, time we 4get Trump &amp; focus all our energy on"The GOP". Hold them to account on everything including what Trump does --eosc
Let's hope so.... --eosc
Special ed services for disabled kids would be cut under the .  Not much discussed;  really important.  @CitizenCohn --eosc
How about that coward @jasoninthehouse Jason Chaffetz, the House Oversight Chair who skipped town for Flynn, but slithered back for  --eosc
The latest The Mich Stepping Stones Daily!  Thanks to @bett1230 @Bad_Woof @HillarySi2016 --eosc
two of my immediate family members will die if the  passes the Senate --eosc
America needs help. Someone please help us. --eosc
Thread 👇🏽 --eosc
GOP,
Your actions belie your words and show that truly you are evil cowards only concerned with yourselves. You voted to KILL CHILDREN
 --eosc
Watch as Democrats break out in song as the AHCA passes the House --eosc
republicans are literally evil lol --eosc
Every Republican who voted for  routinely congratulates themselves for the moral superiority conferred by their smug Christianity. --eosc
This is messed up. Shame on them "House Republicans narrowly pass controversial bill to overhaul health-care system"  --eosc
. @GOP concerned about looking us in the face over . Should worry about that as they turn us into Europe w the refugee program. --eosc
ObamaCare repeal bill could affect employer health plans: report  ♥♥♥ --eosc
If you ever seriously said "but her emails," whatever mental disorder you have is a pre-existing condition not covered under the . --eosc
Suggest not partying yet ... @POTUS @mitchmcconnell_ --eosc
 -- preview of its clever "high risk pools" (See  for less expensive, better coverage)  --eosc
.@FoxNews @POTUS @GOP @CNN @MSNBC I'm still doubtful, but hopeful at the same time. Not like we have a choice. We shall see.  --eosc
Is this what Trump meant by "grab them by the pussy?"  --eosc
Would u wanna b a GOPer who voted against  n has 2 face the wrath of the base or 1 who voted 4 it n has 2 face the wrath of evry1 else? --eosc
I hate him and them and the bill --eosc
I will literally die lol. --eosc
Sounds about right. Fake Christians just voted to kill their voters for a tax cut. --eosc
But to Congressmen, this will never matter. Why? Congress and their staff are exempt. They still get the care we all deserve.  13 --eosc
More appropriate would be "left a trail of slime as he returned for ."  Snakes have much more class than slugs. Anyone have salt?  --eosc
We shouldn't call it Trumpcare, since @realDonaldTrump doesn't.  --eosc
@senrobportman @amyklobuchar Will u oppose ,which would eliminate any progress made in the fight against the ?Will u fight for Ohioans? --eosc
: House Republicans have narrowly passed a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare, in a major victory for @realDonaldTrump --eosc
On the bright side, if we lose our coverage, we'll save $$$$ on premiums that we can put towards our big funeral costs.  --eosc
"Quality &amp; affordable healthcare with key patient protections is necessary for the health &amp; safety of &gt;32 million Americans w/ lung disease" --eosc
I have yet to see @SenJohnMcCain Sen @JeffFlake demonstrate they care about their constituents over party but I pray they will vote no --eosc
House Republicans pass bill to repeal Obamacare  via @FT --eosc
Again, USA: Trump wants  so that he can kill 29,000 Americans a year and give himself $75 for every death. --eosc
this is what 45 supporters voted for....sad ...they shot themselves in the ass and now can't afford medical care for the wound... --eosc
-If R/conserv: Loyal GOP; DT may have lost u, but stand by this Rep—BUT  travesty loses it (turning you single-issue) --eosc
@FoxNews @POTUS       We are the Champions, We are the Champions, We are the Champion    --eosc
Front-lines leadership. --eosc
REPUBS WILL PAY THE PRICEHouse Republicans finally pass an Obamacare repeal and replacement  via @HuffPostPol --eosc
@RepJohnKatko Thank you for voting no on the . --eosc
Romania🇷🇴 Russia🇷🇺 Serbia🇷🇸 Sweden🇸🇪 Switzerland🇨🇭 UK🇬🇧Bahamas🇧🇸 Canada🇨🇦 CostaRica🇨🇷 have Universal Health Care --eosc
But it is ok because we have a  now! Good day for all those 'Christians' can't wait until you face our maker! --eosc
Malignant Republican reps who voted for this Trump-Doesn't-Care bill just committed a hate crime. --eosc
Watching the flow of news on the , feeling like I'm watching a play I've seen before but with different actors cast as the same roles. --eosc
STOP PLAYING: Are you slipping on a good man? Rethink UR priorities --eosc
Not the best example. SSRI's only cost about $10 a month without insurance - and therapy sessions cost money w/ or w/o health insurance --eosc
The GOP health bill will take away rehabilitative care. @RepJimRenacci it's time We're supporting your opponent. --eosc
Is your America great now? --eosc
Republicans make it easy for me to have no respect for them --eosc
Exactly! --eosc
Lou's right. Once again, the wealthy and powerful take from working families.  is bad for Ohio and our country…  --eosc
@PatrickMcHenry you didn't listen to your constituents and you voted yes to  now it's time for us to vote you out of office. --eosc
Healthcare in US under --eosc
 get this fresh batch of sweet sweet liberal hysteria! 

   --eosc
Staggering --eosc
Anyone who is pro abortion does NOT get to complain about --eosc
This is how they treat their Mothers, sisters and daughters. I hope whoever voted for them realizes that, they don't give a damn about you.  --eosc
Got to ask all fifty GOP senators this question with the utmost respect

How would you like history to remember you?

 --eosc
So every cloud has a silver lining... I suppose. --eosc
@BillKristol 
This (!) --eosc
Get in touch with your reps --eosc
fucking squall baby libtards are saying pre-existing conditions over and over on twitter shitter today hahaha bullshit idiots --eosc
@CNN Get a job and get coverage. Simple. Don't wait around for the American taxpayer to pick up YOUR tab. --eosc
I keep going from laughing to crying about all these dependent ppl who want gov to control their lives so sad --eosc
to be a white man right about now (or every day) --eosc
BREAKING: The GOP voted (217:213) to repeal the ACA. Meet the pre-existing conditions! --eosc
217 reps should lose health care coverage ASAP! the constituents that were previously yours WILL remember --eosc
The GOP really needs to take back the Senate in 2018. They can't get anything passed without a majority there. --eosc
@PeteOlson 
This (!) --eosc
Afraid of losing healthcare? Feeling helpless? Donate $1 to the opponents of 24 vulnerable GOP reps who voted "yes" --eosc
disaster. time will tell if   is better. --eosc
The Bloods &amp; Crips once squashed their beef, came together, &amp; made dope music...why can't the current Red &amp; Blue do…  --eosc
My prayer is that all people who have been complacent about political action will be so no longer! --eosc
Prepare to kiss your offices goodbye. Which states have a recall system? --eosc
Things more dishonest than 


Iran Deal
Pretty much everything Obama did.

See how easy that was?  --eosc
@FoxNews @JessicaTarlov 
This (!)
 --eosc
Congressional GOPers championed a horrible bill to soothe their fragile, loss-saddled, orange-skinned leader’s ego.  --eosc
If Trump grabs her by the pussy then he is the pre-existing condition which means he should get no coverage. --eosc
Hardly a profile in courage @davereichert voted no on  because he's so weak, GOP leadership didn't think he'd survive yes vote. --eosc
Agreed --eosc
You dumbass libtards can buy your own insurance plan and quit bitching. --eosc
the   has no CBO score. Wait till the Trump followers get a load of that. Why do you think the republicans outran that score? --eosc
House Republicans finally pass an Obamacare repeal and replacement  via @HuffPostPol - TIME TO REPEAL &amp; REPLACE THEM! --eosc
Retweeted The New York Times (@nytimes):

As House Republicans crossed 217 votes, Democrats heckled them with... --eosc
As per usual, sore losers try to place the race card.  --eosc
On the bright said, there's a lot of naked and grey tops so ⚰  --eosc
AHCA.... A Horrible Care Act? --eosc
I'd like to acknowledge and thank Republican representatives @BarbaraComstock, @HerreraBeutler, and @RosLehtinen for voting NO today.   --eosc
 are so busy cheering about "that black man's legacy" being taken away, they don't even see their own house on fire.  --eosc
If  would've been named anything different, 24 million people would still have health insurance. --eosc
while republic*ns r rejoicing in carts of beer &amp; celebratory songs millions of americans will die in the coming yrs bc of lack of healthcare --eosc
lol. the kabuki theater continues. --eosc
"Many people will die."   --eosc
be losing their coverage BC of their condition. Not bc they don't work. Yes there are those who physically can NOT work that finally --eosc
Economic anxiety is a pre-existing condition and not covered under --eosc
And will be intercepting it --eosc
"House Democrats Wave &amp; Sing "HEY HEY HEY GOODBYE" To Republicans After Obamacare Repeal Vote"
  --eosc
@AGSchneiderman @realDonaldTrump Happy to testify at  hearings; 8yr BC survivor -- only silver lining is residing in NY which mandated  coverage. --eosc
Hold your applause... --eosc
@RepBrianHiggins &gt; @RepChrisCollins Your constituents are paying attention to whose interests you represent. --eosc
Don't let the door hit you on the way out, congressmen.       --eosc
 A tshirt about slowhands it is awesome  i already picked one ,just see if u like guys😎🤠   --eosc
@superdudedoggie Surprise -   screws over those who get their insurance through work, too.  --eosc
Time for the Senate to do its job. 

Republican Obamacare replacement bill passes House  --eosc
The latest The Rae Lewis-Thornton Daily!  Thanks to @ChicagoReporter @SRC_ChangeAgent @StopBullyingGov --eosc
They campaigned on it &amp; won. What made you think they wouldn't do it? Obamacare failed to cure stupid...you're still whinging.. 👏🏻 --eosc
Many didn't read this bill with no CBO score &amp; there barely any debate. This bill cuts care for 24M, that wasn't part of the promise. --eosc
Even @greta knows this is stupid. --eosc
alternately: the 20 ppl i will kindly usher out the door before i open a can of whoop-ass on the rest of the house republicans --eosc
Only one from Maryland? Good, at least I'll only have to work to get one representative thrown out next year.  --eosc
Why Democrats sang “hey, hey, hey, goodbye” after House Republicans voted to repeal Obamacare  via @voxdotcom --eosc
And exempt themselves from the rules. How can repub voters think that is ok??? --eosc
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan Can't wait for the 2018 elections! Karma is a bitch ASSHATS!!! --eosc
And it's done, away with .
Now we dance n'groove like we just don't care!  --eosc
as a woman --eosc
This  crap is the worst prologue to a season of Leverage ever. --eosc
Stop fascist regime &amp; House Republicans bf more hurt/killed, here or arnd world!


Health Care Act
  --eosc
Thanks for taking away healthcare from millions Paul Ryan, you smug son of a bitch   --eosc
@MikeBloomberg 






This (!)


 --eosc
Remember when men took care of their women and children and didn't rely on gov to do it --eosc
 Opposition Rally today at repjoewilson's office in . His "yes" vote sealed his…  --eosc
I never want to hear republicans say "prolife" ever again.  --eosc
This is so sad. So many people will lose coverage due pre-existing conditions. --eosc
Not one single person in this very white, very male photo will be affected if the  passes.      --eosc
 pass bill to replace and repeal 
[AI based summary,in Messenger:
     --eosc
While they were busy celebrating trying to take away healthcare to millions of people....this happened.

 --eosc
With  Republicans have become the party of Scary Clown Cars. Wait til you see how they add their tax schemes to the mix Sad+Bad --eosc
Oh look. A bunch of old white guys, hating on women.
  --eosc
Is this guy kneeling while DJT sits on the throne? LOL that's some serious American pride right there. --eosc
@SenSchumer how is  doing? You promised Americans that it was the greatest thing since sliced bread. Were is it now? Bankrupt!!!!! --eosc
We are deeply disappointed that @stevekingia
voted in favor of  and against protecting patients.  --eosc
It's the real issue causing divide... racism takes a backseat --eosc
In spite of what our parents told us, the bad guys ALWAYS win.  --eosc
  Trump, House Republicans take health-care victory lap in Rose Garden  --eosc
Add your name: Fuck House Republicans. They're heartless monsters who just passed a bill to kill tens of thousands of Americans. --eosc
"Fiscally responsible"? No. Good for the people? No. People want it? No. Good for gov.? No. So what remains but hate and selfishness?  --eosc
Legit praying the Senate does the right thing in regards to this nonsense the republicans are trying to push through --eosc
As the daughter of a retired special education teacher with  people in my life, this is extra fuel for my rage.  --eosc
Y is it that I have to spend so much time and beg @RepEdRoyce to vote NO on ? And yet, he still defied and voted YES. U r cruel &amp; cold. --eosc
@KevinMKruse Fundraising spike following  vote via @actblue single page fundraiser for Democrats. 
  --eosc
It's Goh-time! --eosc
@FoxNews @POTUS @POTUS on : "The groups have all come together."  --eosc
I see white people.
  --eosc
If  would have been left ti implode, it would have been Bush's fault.  --eosc
House Republicans pass an Obamacare repeal and replacement; Sad day for Americans!  via @HuffPostPol --eosc
Darrell Issa will be remembered for putting the AHCA over the top. Hopefully, one day he will be smart enough to regret it
   --eosc
Well trump voters, if this isn't proof he doesn't care about u &amp; never did idk what is     --eosc
 Women are penalized. Pre-existing, rape, ovarian cancer, and men not. Testicular cancer covered.    --eosc
Not only did @RepublicanCowards @RepKinzinger &amp; @PeterRoskam vote against , they were afraid to tell their constituents beforehand  --eosc
Spineless Mayonnaise Turds Celebrate Victory Over Michelob Lites &amp; Hair Plug Procedures (covered by ) --eosc
 I am so saddened by this news 😢Are they trying to eradicate the poor and the low income people, because that's whats going to happen 🤔 --eosc
The cognitive dissonance is astounding. --eosc
The President and the Future Speaker, together at last  --eosc
My   is Rep. Joe Kennedy. Calling it like it is 💚  The GOP Republicans --eosc
I'm just sitting here thinking about all the people that could die because of this 😢 --eosc
Make a list of the vulnerable Republican  voters and repeat them to yourself like Arya Stark until 2018. --eosc
Remember them, one and all, come election time.    --eosc
House GOP Bill To Replace Obamacare Based On A Lie According To CNN’s Bash --eosc
forget 
we need to  House Republicans

screw The GOP --eosc
Who's running against @RepSamGraves next? I've got some money I'd like to donate, thanks to his vote for the reprehensible  --eosc
Over to you senate as the first step in repealing  becomes a reality under Trump --eosc
This fucker is going to love the gulag. --eosc
House Republicans: Healthcare for me, none for thee.
A huge middle finger to Americans from coast to coast and from south to north! --eosc
Check out this thread. --eosc
@cnn @MSNBC @maddow @FoxNews @cbs @PBS @ABC @npr @nytpolitics @nytimes @NBCNews @cspan @WSJ do your jobs. --eosc
What if Senate passes a different version of ? GOP can say they "repealed Obamacare" but no bill goes to POTUS, avoiding backlash. --eosc
The GOP's killing of  aka  is a F******  &amp; disgrace to ! --eosc
America you better start preparing your own caskets, because now you know @Donuldethan2 don't give shyt about you all. --eosc
People like you let Bill Clinton stay in the White House despite his despicable deeds. You set a new standard for .  Live with it. --eosc
First there was the beautiful chocolate cake, and now the bud lights. You people are foul and disgraceful  --eosc
I speak several languages, read extensively, and have access to online dictionaries and thesauri.  --eosc
Mira Mira Mira!!!! Reichert didn't sell us out this time!!!! --eosc
I didn't like "Dear White People" and Bill Nye's new SJW show... but censoring old content.. NETFLIX CANCELED
  --eosc
@WayneDupreeShow these are facts here...leaving Vets behind --eosc
 singing 'Hey Hey Goodbye' to  voting Republicans was unseemly. This is life &amp; death policy, not a political sporting event --eosc
How the fuck does this help anyone but rich white americans? What the fuck Trump!!! --eosc
@HarryPotterFilm @HarryPotterLand  Excited for --eosc
Reading more on  bill. 
That shit is not only scary but so worrying.
WTF America. --eosc
You're laughing when this bill made it tougher for women to come forward in sexual assault. Okay I guess. --eosc
Messer, Rokita come under fire for  votes:     --eosc
I want to rip their stupid smiles off their smarmy faces. NOW CALL YOUR SENATORS. --eosc
Great day to be a woman. If I get raped or pregnant, insurance will screw me.  Please Senate, have some damn decency.  --eosc
oh good --eosc
@francisconguy16 @SenBobCasey @HouseGOP  is further split between the rich and the not rich.  I won't say poor because the middle class will be greatly impacted. --eosc
I do not feel sorry for any  who will be affected by the  they voted for this, they own this crap. --eosc
Passage of  reminded me of this. Call the GOP what they are. Call them thieves. Stealing people's healthcare=stealing their lives. --eosc
Still waiting for someone to actually disprove "deplorable."   --eosc
I truly do not understand why people think that this  is a good healthcare plan.  They're in for a rude awakening. --eosc
Swine then and now. --eosc
Can terminal stupidity, as demonstrated by voting against one's self interest, be considered a pre-existing condition?  --eosc
Wat a bag of dicks whore --eosc
“Republicans, driven by a desire to deliver on a political promise, made irresponsible &amp; harmful changes to the ACHA,"
TY for StandingUp 4 --eosc
@votolatino We need healthcare that won't harm and bankrupt families! Stop the  and @realDonaldTrump Tell them how we feel! --eosc
yes Reps listed below. Let's do some house cleaning in 2018. I'm donating $217 2 unseat them n honor of  . Join me! --eosc
Read the follow up tweets please.. I will RT them also. --eosc
You're damn right! Go --eosc
On the shittiest episode of It's Always Sunny In Philadelphia @alwayssunny @realDonaldTrump --eosc
@DarrellIssa you are an embarrassment to the state of CA and now we're coming for your seat   @swingleft --eosc
America, good luck...   --eosc
Young people don't realize elderly citizens paid taxes over a lifetime. They already paid in! Young people haven't! So do your damn part! --eosc
House's purposed bill is DOA! --eosc
@VP @POTUS  is not an  repeal.It's a poor replacement for terrible program that's destroyed American Health System &amp; doesn't fix devastation. --eosc
: House Republicans exempt themselves from the worst of the . The GOP are greed-ridden, heartless .  --eosc
America: Where a sexual assaulter can become president, but a sexual assault victim will be denied healthcare. 
  --eosc
Republicans smugly celebrate  that steals insurance from millions, doesn't cover preexisting cond, increases costs to Americans.  --eosc
omm just look at this😚👅 --eosc
Delete Your Party --eosc
On the plus side, weed is still legal.    --eosc
@SenToomey, I am asking for a no vote on  - it's not in the best interest of your constituents, aka the ppl you are paid to represent. --eosc
House Republicans pass bill to replace and repeal Obamacare DEPLORABLE @GOP @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump --eosc
@CNNPolitics To any  lawmaker who votes yes on , let's hit 'em where it hurts     --eosc
This is a wakeup call for my California colleagues! Here’s the @GOP score board on  Recess townhall NE!? c @ASlavitt --eosc
The Iraq War will remove WOMD. 

 will cover everyone at lower prices.

For both, the GOP will own its lies.
 --eosc
Scary to think that rape and sexual assault would be considered pre-existing conditions and treatments not provided - scary post --eosc
@SenateMajLdr @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr  Ur disdain for Americans &amp; our wishes  &amp; health shows. U have sold ur soul to the Devil &amp; are lost in the swamp. --eosc
YUDELEDI-SHUT-THE-HELL-UP --eosc
YOURE NOT EVEN PART OF EUROPE GO AWAY AUSTRALIA      --eosc
YOU'RE NOT EVEN PART OF EUROPE GET OFF THE STAGE UK --eosc
you cannot lose if you don't know the rules --eosc
yoongi wearing this shirt is so beautiful 😍
   --eosc
Yodeling might be worst thing Europe created after Hitler, Mussolini, Imperialism, Antisemitism, Thatcher, Blair &amp; Theresa May  --eosc
Yet you were the same ones shitting on Jamala last year bc your fave typical pop premade aka Russia didn't win --eosc
Yeah this  hasn't really been up to scratch. I blame the bore maximising semi-final selections. --eosc
ya'll are just being salty that talent won, appreciate salvador being happy for his sister   --eosc
WOW!  tv uses  to protest closing of tv station by  government. --eosc
wow i didnt know kylo ren made a collab w daft punk --eosc
Worldwide coverage at  of Netanyahu's dictatorial closure of --eosc
Wishing @frankgabbani  all of the best for the @Eurovision  song contest final in Ukraine!  … --eosc
Winner of  Salvador Sobral has a message for his fans and everyone who voted for him … --eosc
WINNER is Portugal!
Well done to @Dean0909 for winning the sweepstake!! --eosc
Why this is the last time  represents Israel in 

 via @IrishTimesWorld --eosc
why is Luhan representing Bulgaria --eosc
Why he's so dry?! 
BTW  this year was terrible 
EMRI we love you --eosc
WHY DOES THE BACKGROUND DANCER HAVE  0/10 --eosc
White power gang performs for Sweden --eosc
Which country is serving it so far, kittens?! Catch  on @LogoTV on now! 🎶💃🎶  --eosc
where's the lie tho? --eosc
when you're on the dark side of the Force but you still want to party --eosc
When you're Italian and singing at --eosc
When you realise the Bulgarian entry was born in the year 2000 --eosc
When you hear the takeaway at the door:

  --eosc
when you give up a life of magic to chase your  dreams --eosc
When you get twelve points and then win the whole thin --eosc
when you do an entire group project on your own --eosc
When you can feel a sneeze coming but it won't come out --eosc
When u are about to sneeze --eosc
when the memes are spicy --eosc
When Spain gets 5 points --eosc
When someone asks you what  is, just show them this picture and stare at them in silence  --eosc
When someone asks how I am doing --eosc
When Germany's  songs beginning sounds like Titanium --eosc
What the who are these people lol --eosc
what the contestants think we want to see vs. what we really want to see --eosc
What Ron said. --eosc
What have you made me create  A new meme has been born. --eosc
What a suprise , actualy good song from @Eurovision - from @blanchemusicbe      --eosc
What a star u are !😍 @florianwieder --eosc
What  really is about --eosc
WHAAAAATTTT 💜💜💜 --eosc
Well you can't say this about Croatia --eosc
Welcome to ​ 2047, which sees the Moon and Martian colonies joining in. We still miss USA, the last holdout among human nations. --eosc
Wee Bum  😂😂😂😬 --eosc
We'll give 12 points to whoever promises us the best trade deal. --eosc
We have so many questions --eosc
Watching ? Make sure you're diapered! Come to  &amp; see  having fun in… --eosc
Watching  with the very cute Iolo the dog + @WelshLabour crew - come on @luciejones1 ! --eosc
Want to feel old? This is what Bucks Fizz look like now 👀 --eosc
VOTE FOR US 😂🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧 --eosc
Vote for    🎶👈🏾❤️👈🏾 --eosc
Vote for     🇵🇹👈🏾🎶👈🏾 --eosc
Vive today --eosc
Upon waking I still think Romania or Moldova should have won --eosc
Updated winners map --eosc
under the new system, alexander rybaks "fairytale" had a total of 690 points. today salvador scored 758. we have a new record! --eosc
Ukrainian man notorious for pranking celebrities moons  while wearing Australian flag… --eosc
Ukraine takes 1 year off, wins the next year. Portugal takes 1 year off, wins the next year.  Russia or Bosnia to win next year? --eosc
uk: australia isn't even in europe how can they be in Eurovision
australia: *gives uk 12 points* 
uk: --eosc
Trying to work out the  voting system --eosc
Totally false info why painting of rainbow for  wasn't finished.  radicals with party of Svoboda were against LGBT symbols. --eosc
Tories and alcohol don't mix...show some leg, but keep your socks on. Romania 10, Romani 0. --eosc
Top Spanish team, Real Madrid will remove Christian cross on their logo in Arab states'  … … 
 
 --eosc
Tokio Hotel is good!! --eosc
To get a flavoour of  , here is the greatest song ever entered. Enjoy...   --eosc
To   and  , -   signs MoU


 --eosc
This woman just kept singing!! Nobody will remember the songs just this of --eosc
This was a beautiful moment --eosc
This story is not accurate. --eosc
This still remains THE BEST Eurovision song of all time!

  --eosc
This should be talked about --eosc
this mf look like bananies and avocadies --eosc
This man is what I sound like in my head when I try to sing all parts of a Destiny's Child song. --eosc
This just happened on  😂😂😂 --eosc
This is why you should never, ever invite Australians to your party.   --eosc
This is why Australians should be banned --eosc
This is what happens. We vote to leave and everyone starts singing in their own language. Very insecure. --eosc
This is the whitest celebration of diversity I've ever seen. So many different types of white. --eosc
This is the best  tweet ever --eosc
This is so cute --eosc
This is Portugal's grand strategy: win Euro cup -&gt; elect UN SecGen -&gt; win  -&gt; become nuclear power -&gt; ac… --eosc
This is how I feel right now --eosc
This is him now, feel old yet?
  --eosc
Think of the Gong Show in 30 countries with no gong --eosc
They've just given up on the subtitles tonight... --eosc
Them: Whatcha thinking about?
Me: Nothing
In my head:
  --eosc
them: "Portugal's song was so boring"
Salvador holding the prize: "POrtUgAl'S sONg wAs SO bOrINg"
  --eosc
THEM TITTIES 👁️👁️,   --eosc
The ultimate indicator that it is  season. --eosc
the uk @ ireland --eosc
The two creepy hosts get a warning in their earpieces --eosc
The Swedish know how to do  like no one --eosc
The sixth ticket for the sixth  show with yet another . It's been an… --eosc
The rest of the world: 'What even is ?'

Europe:  --eosc
The person that figures out the answer will be a virtual Genius --eosc
The past 12 months summed up in a screen-grab --eosc
The Netherlands' had such a good ballad damn. It sounds like something from a Disney soundtrack --eosc
The most pure win in   that ever happened! --eosc
The mooner was NOT Australian. Important that's known. We love and respect this contest  pls RT --eosc
The moment Portugal and Salvador Sobral are declared winners of --eosc
The latest TheTVKing!  Thanks to @FilmBookTomasi @MarkDeklin @tellymix --eosc
The latest El Joven Diario!  Thanks to @macasante --eosc
The latest  - Take The Red Pill Now! --eosc
the hero we need but don't deserve --eosc
The guy who mooned everyone at  was the same ~*crazy prankster*~ who assaulted these celebs. 😒 --eosc
The Grand Favourite @ the 2017  Song contest is    🇵🇹😍 --eosc
The four horsemen of the apocalypse. --eosc
The foreign countries are only voting for us on  because half there relatives are over here --eosc
The final results 
   --eosc
The Cyprus contestant 's song  sounds awfully like 's ! --eosc
The best performance for Eurovision 2017 --eosc
The best duo of the century omg Salvador and his sister just out of this world,amazing ❤️    --eosc
The  Genocide in Middle East is happening right now! (Graphic)
MSM doesn't want U 2 know! --eosc
That was the funniest part of  this year hilarious 🎶🎶😎😎😂😂😂 --eosc
That vocal tone though 💝 --eosc
That time I performed&amp; hosted Eurovision's Opening Ceremony --eosc
That song will be used at that guy's child custody hearing
 --eosc
That may be a world record for “most viewers simultaneously seeing an Australian’s arse live on television” --eosc
Thanks to @YLETV2 for translating those yodels into Finnish --eosc
Thanks 4 the  choir games promo @grahnort our @BarnsleyChoir are the 2015 triple gold champions pls wish us luck 4 this year 😃 --eosc
Thank you and goodnight --eosc
Thank you @LucieJones1 you've been an incredible embassador for the UK and . This was your week at… --eosc
Thank god that ugly bottom was not Australian! --eosc
Tele-POR-ting into --eosc
Still, our two hosts are doing a sterling job   --eosc
Still a better love story than Twilight! --eosc
Stage invasion! 

Actually thought it was part of the act. 
  --eosc
Spot the difference --eosc
Speaking as someone who can still hum "Amor d'água fresca", Portugal's 1992 entry (when I was living there): PARABÉNS! --eosc
Spanish ppl right now --eosc
Spain trying to get some points. --eosc
SPAIN PLEASE STOP WE'LL GIVE YOU GIBRALTAR JUST PLEASE STOP --eosc
Spain be like --eosc
Spain are now the country who have waited the longest for a win.. (48 years) --eosc
Sorry but this GIF needs to be on your timeline
  --eosc
Someone please remind me about  next year so I can watch some of the competition. --eosc
Someone got their arse out at  and it's better than any act that performed. --eosc
Some thick irony in a Brit singing "I will never give up on you" to a room of Europeans.  --eosc
Some of the world's deadliest snakes --eosc
So,  is over. Congratulations to the winner and many thanks to Ukrainian soldiers who make it possible too! 🔰
Nighty night :) --eosc
So this looks familiar --eosc
So this just happened on --eosc
So proud of Salvador and Luisa ! --eosc
smooth --eosc
SHOW US WHAT YOU GOT --eosc
Should've won --eosc
She JSUT GIT A HOTELLLLLLLLL



  --eosc
Seriously love watching  every year. Some seriously good talent this year --eosc
Saw this and you came into my mind @samuelbuttery --eosc
Salvador takes the trophy for Portugal! --eosc
Salvador Sobral takes the trophy for Portugal🇵🇹  at the --eosc
Salvador Sobral is awarded the  trophy for 🇵🇹! --eosc
Sad development as they brought a unique levantine flavor -- without turkey and israel europe is a boring place. --eosc
RT meganrossix: Never forget --eosc
RT if you voted for Sweden! 🇸🇪👌👌👌    @robinbengtssons --eosc
Ronaldo will claim this when Portugal win. --eosc
Ronaldo quite obviously carries Portugal on and off the pitch. Another major trophy won. --eosc
Romania, this is lit   --eosc
retweet if you think I should go to  2018 and do a shashlik rap --eosc
Remember when CNN colluded with HRC and the DNC? I do.

      --eosc
Remember the time we held Eurovision in a shed in North Cork....
(True story, millennials)
 --eosc
Remember the DreamWorks kid? This is him now! Feel old yet? --eosc
Really hope they show this clip in schools across the world to explain Europe --eosc
RAGAAAAAAA   CLICK HERE!-&gt; ""  --eosc
RAGAAAAAAA
  --eosc
PRETTY RICH OF ALL YOU BRITS TWEETING THAT AUSTRALIA DOESN'T BELONG IN A EUROPEAN THING, AT LEAST WE WANT TO BE HERE  --eosc
Portuguese all over the world !!! AHHAHAAH --eosc
Portugal's lyrics! ☺️🇵🇹
(SPREAD THIS LIKE WILDFIRE)
Lots of love!
   …  --eosc
Portugal more like  me another one amirite --eosc
Portugal might have the most points, but you can't tell me that Spurs didn't deserve to win.   --eosc
Portugal has proved that EVERY SINGLE COUNTRY can win  with the right song. 
You don't need tons of friends or neighbours. --eosc
Portugal 🇵🇹 wins Euro

Portugal 🇵🇹 wins  

Portugal 🇵🇹 arrests the McCanns

All going according to plan…  --eosc
Polands song in  was garbage. It was like the same 6 words over and over again. --eosc
Please see @courtwhip's timeline re:  'prankster'. He 1) is a serial harasser of celebrity women &amp; 2) not Australian --eosc
please fall, please fall, please fall      --eosc
Please be with me tonight - song number 1! Let's rock! 🇮🇱🇺🇦💪🏼
----------------------------
 … --eosc
person: how are you?
me: 

  --eosc
People from other european countries: hey please vote for my country

Spanish people: 
WHO TF VOTED FOR US…  --eosc
Pastor Jerry can't watch BUT... --eosc
Our Ukraine  hosts did a fantastic job! Congrats and thanks to Oleks Skichko, Vova Ostapchuk and Timur M…  --eosc
Or the part where he came in and said Mother Russia was calling --eosc
Onouka...how to describe? They are a traditional Ukrainian orchestra led by singing lady stormtroopers. With techno. AMAZING. 

  --eosc
OMG 4th in the JURY VOTE AND 9th OVERALL!!!!    😱😱🇦🇺🎶❤️ --eosc
omfg --eosc
OH. MY. GOD 

 --eosc
Oh, games twitter. How I adore you. I've never seen so many  fans in real life before!! My people, I have found you at last ❤️ --eosc
Oh shit here we go! 👀🇩🇰 --eosc
Oh No. Not This Again. --eosc
Oh I do love her ❤️ --eosc
OH GET FUCKED --eosc
Of course he cried.  FIX THIS! Your voting system is rigged. --eosc
Obama: "We're Training ISIL"   i    --eosc
Obama was Caught Smoking Crack in Limousine with Gay Lover   i --eosc
Numberwang!!! --eosc
nothing will ever top this --eosc
Not the weirdest dance routine we’ve seen this evening. --eosc
Not only our friend in the UK, but our niece in Wales going to vote for . Closing in on the win, one vote at a time.  --eosc
Not gonna lie, I'm a 100% watching  with my dad right now, and I'm 100% into it --eosc
Not bad at all! --eosc
No, it was devised by his cat!! @Baddiel 😁  --eosc
No way did the Simpsons call that too???? --eosc
No points from Ireland to the UK. Ah well. 300 years and all that. --eosc
No points from Ireland to the U.K!

THAT'S FOR THE FAMINE YOU BASTARDS 

 --eosc
No other presenters will ever beat Måns and Petra's performance last year of "love love peace peace" and I'm just s…  --eosc
New  Coin Generator 2017 --eosc
Never forget the best  singer --eosc
Never forget --eosc
Needs more inspirational quotes 0/10 --eosc
Nathan Trent -The Austrian Justin Timberlake. Austrian for Trousersnake, is Hosen Schlange.   --eosc
my two moods --eosc
My timeline full of fucking  shit 😡🔫 --eosc
MY NEW IDOL
  --eosc
My husband: 'my God, what are the Aussies doing voting for us?'
My son: 'We have a friend, Dad. We're not alone.'  --eosc
My Hotel JuST WASSSSSSSSS!!!!?

  --eosc
My favourite entry from --eosc
My face when Portugal won. Seriously?! --eosc
My dad is going to be so pissed when he finds out how much money is spent to vote for @isaiahofficial --eosc
My account was hacked. --eosc
Mom…. This one was for you!!! ❤ 🇳🇱 --eosc
Moldova: I'm confused but enjoying it. I'm not mad. --eosc
Missed all the  excitement (if that is the right word?) as I had to be up at 4am to get to the airport. Leaving Malta... ✈️🙁 --eosc
me trying to sing all parts in bohemian rhapsody by myself --eosc
Me trying to remember names at a party --eosc
me being ignored by everyone in the group chat --eosc
me after ten seconds in the gym

   --eosc
Matching icons for you and your loser friend --eosc
make  weird again x --eosc
Magical performance from Ruslana -  winner in 2004 --eosc
Lucie Jones stunned  viewers --eosc
Lovechild of @anne_hegerty &amp; @AlanCarr on the  tonight 😂 --eosc
Love love LOVE ❤️ --eosc
Lot of people ask why Australia is in . The explanation is simple - BECAUSE EUROVISION SHUT UP --eosc
Looks like Azerbaijan has been playing my horse prince --eosc
LIKE for 
RT for Chucklevision  --eosc
Let's not go jumping to conclusions about his nationality, there's no way we could know   --eosc
Lee Lin killed it!!! She even pronounced Kyiv correctly. She's a fierce queen --eosc
LATE Flight Back to   2day show   VIP PASS meet&amp;greet $48.00 plus --eosc
LADDERHORSE!!!!!!!!!!! --eosc
Knock knock
- Who's there?
A little old lady
- A little old lady who?
That's it, you've got it. Sing along now
  --eosc
Just turned  on: three white male presenters standing in front of a huge logo which says "Celebrate Diversity". --eosc
JUST DO IT for your lover --eosc
Just checked the final tally, and I really can't believe so few of you unfollowed me over my  spam. &lt;3 --eosc
Italy to the rest of Europe --eosc
It's the first time my top favourite wins  And it was Portugal And it was a non-English song, I couldn't be happier! --eosc
It's okay Britain we've got a secret weapon adding up our scores this year --eosc
It's always nice when your friends show up to support you! 
  --eosc
It's a portuguese thing :P //     @Cristiano --eosc
It is no coincidence that Portugal won  on the day of the  canonization by the Holy Father. 
 --eosc
It is foretold that he will reappear in times of great unrest --eosc
Israel should be banned from participating in Eurovision b/c of appalling human rights record. Besides Israel is in… --eosc
Israel quits Eurovision Song Contest live on air after 44 years: --eosc
Israel - IMRI – I feel alive. He's sexy, and he knows it *eyeroll gif*         --eosc
Is it too late to vote for Poland's 2014 entry? --eosc
Is  burning or NOT?
Watch this video and decide for yourself!
 --eosc
Ireland... common brah --eosc
invited all my friends round for a  party but I think they're just here for the food --eosc
In case you need more! --eosc
imagine not having graham norton as your commentator?? 

  --eosc
Imagine a world without . How sad of a thought. --eosc
IM DYING --eosc
If you've watched the , please phone your local police station to report Moldova being ROBBED! --eosc
if they wanted phil and i to host they could have just asked there's no need to hijack our style --eosc
If Sweden doesn't win this year which I doubt I really want Portugal to win --eosc
If everyone watching  in the UK followed us we would reach our target by midnight! Come on people,you've…  --eosc
If Europe really wanted to troll us, they'd vote for the UK to win  then make us pay through the nose to compete post-Brexit. --eosc
IF YOU AREN'T COMBINING YODELING AND RAP YOU DON'T BELONG IN --eosc
Idiot on show for all the world to see. --eosc
ICONIC. --eosc
I'm looking forward to the voting stage of 
Diane Abbott's in charge. Eveyone will score Eleventeen. --eosc
I'm glad I found this out AFTER I saw the winner &amp; his sister perform together. I would have been a mess otherwise… --eosc
I WANT TO BELIEVE --eosc
I wanna have sex with this man --eosc
I took a pic of JD in which she looks like   but she won't let me share it :( --eosc
I see it's that time of year when the Spring tides bring Australia into the northern hemisphere to take part in… --eosc
I saw this and deadass thought it was @GodHatesMiles --eosc
I need the recap to decide on the best song as was too blinded by Greece and Swedens looks --eosc
I love my land --eosc
I love  because it's basically a six hour marathon of WrestleMania entrances --eosc
i leave here this --eosc
i learnt about the meaning behind the song &amp; Salvador's heart problem and i feel so emotional now. Well deserved tbh 👏🏼 --eosc
I knew salad fingers would win --eosc
I FUCKIN WHEEZED GOODBYE --eosc
I declare Haim's SNL performance as the unofficial USA entry for --eosc
I can't unsee this --eosc
I CAN'T BELIEVE WE LOSE TO PEOPLE THAT DON'T EVEN KNOW WHAT A BIDET IS --eosc
i can't believe i miss the --eosc
Huge respect to whoever on @bbceurovision had to write the subtitles for tonight's show! You nailed it!!… --eosc
how it feels to be american rn --eosc
Honestly have watched @luciejones1 performance at  about 10 times now. Stunning --eosc
history repeats itself --eosc
Hillary Clinton in 1975: Defends a Child Rapist   i --eosc
Hillary Clinton - a true story of murder   i --eosc
Hi @JunckerEU, quick question - why is  being presented in English? Thought it was "losing its importance in Europe"? Thanks --eosc
Hey Africa, North America, South America, Antarctica. We Europe are drunk and we are taking Australia with us.…  --eosc
Hey @SBS Can we have a competition where we can vote for next years Aussie  entry? I need the Eurovision season to last longer!! --eosc
Here are the full results of  2017 Grand Final! ✨
Congratulations to  who won for the first tim… --eosc
HELL YEAH EPIC SAX MAN IS BACK, IM FULLY ERECT   100000/10 --eosc
helena paparizou was th best eurovision winner in eurovision history i stand by that forever --eosc
He's Ukranian, the same guy who attacked Gigi Hadid on the runway, Anna Wintour, Brad Pitt. Serial pest. Knob.  --eosc
He's only 17, he sings like an angel and he can SUMMON ELECTRICITY. Look out @Harry_Styles! @KristianKostov_… --eosc
He's like "I won? Okay, I'll take it."   --eosc
He wasn't Australian!! VINDICATED!! --eosc
he protec
but he also atac
  --eosc
he has an external pacemaker and is waiting for a heart transplant. don't talk shit about him --eosc
He actually was not even an Australian. --eosc
Having a  party in Florida! Forcing all my family to watch 😎🌴🎶 --eosc
HARD BORDER NOW --eosc
Haha I just watched  and I found this weird and strange haha --eosc
Greece won the Euros in 2004
Greece won  in 2005

Portugal won the Euros in 2016
Portugal win  in 2017...? --eosc
Good morning and congratulations to ! Not a surprise! 😎 --eosc
good evening europe daniel calling! my big points would go to:

armenia - 12
italy - 10 
belgium - 8
netherlands - 6
sweden - 7 --eosc
God the hosts of  are funny lol --eosc
God damn it, someone with an Australian flag jumped on stage and pulled their pants down. This is why we can't have nice things.  --eosc
god bless --eosc
Germany in recent  :

2015: 27th place
2016: 26th place
2017: 25th place
. 
. 
2040: 1st place

We're coming for it! --eosc
George Soros: I carry potent messianic fantasies   i --eosc
George Soros wants to bring down Europe's borders   i --eosc
George Soros thinks he's God   i --eosc
George Soros Feels No Guilt In Helping The Nazis   i --eosc
Fuck. 😭❤️ --eosc
Fuck you. --eosc
Fuck --eosc
From Mexico @frankgabbani     @EurovisionMex --eosc
From : Brilliant  parody!!!
I EXPLODED... from laughter!
Only INFIDELS allowed to watch!
   
 --eosc
France. OR MAYBE SOME OTHER COUNTRY HOW COULD WE TELL FROM THIS STAGING? --eosc
Forfurther inquiry





  --eosc
For further inquiry👇


 


  --eosc
For further inquiry👇




  --eosc
For further inquiry👇





  --eosc
For further inquiry
Www.Whyislam.p




  --eosc
For further inquiry





  --eosc
Flight Back to   2day show   VIP meet&amp;greet $48.00 plus  parkinglot gate 8  party --eosc
First they win the EUROs now it's looking like they will win the  Portugal is taking over Europe 😁😁 --eosc
EXPERIENCE TRANQUILITY --eosc
expectations vs reality --eosc
Everyone: This sounds like Titanium by David Guetta and Sia

Germany: ThIs SouNdS LiKe tiTaNIum bY DavID gUeTta aNd…  --eosc
everyone: since when is australia in europe? 

austalia: SiNcE wHeN iS aUsTrAlia iN eUrOpE? 

  --eosc
Eurovision voting for a guy who hates eurovision is what 2017 is all about really, isn't it? --eosc
Europe: but Australia isn't in Europe? 

Eurovision: BUt auStraLIA iSnT IN euROpe? 

  --eosc
Europe, this is your last chance to keep us in, vote for us for a change!  --eosc
ed balls listens to evanescence pass it on --eosc
Duets are for TWO people, they said.
You can't sing two parts ALONE, they said.
It'll be weird, they said.
Croatia:…  --eosc
Dude I like your song, don't go all Ryan Gosling in La La Land on me.  --eosc
Dont forget that if you drink/drug drive after  you may end up with more points than --eosc
don't worry guys we could still win the electoral college --eosc
Don't worry bro... I got you @ManelNMusic --eosc
Do it for your lover --eosc
DO IT FOR THE LAST PLACE      --eosc
Didnt even know this was a country --eosc
did that happen for real? --eosc
Deeply disturbing! --eosc
Death, Taxes and this   --eosc
Dear Australia, WE LOVE YOU!  --eosc
DEAD 😂😂😂😂😂 --eosc
Cue the  jokes --eosc
CROATIA TO WIN! (also bonus points to yodelling Romania and treadmill Sweden) --eosc
CREEPY FINGERS 0/10 --eosc
Congratulations, ! Worthy winner of  in Kyiv!

Congratulations also to Ukraine for hosting a superb song contest! --eosc
Congratulations Portugal  
You did great see you in Lisbon next year 💕🌹💜💖💞😜🍾🍹  --eosc
Congratulations Moldova for the 3rd place ❤️ --eosc
Congrats to  for the victory at . Also to  for coming in a strong 2nd place! --eosc
choose your fighter --eosc
CHOOSE YOUR FIGHTER

  --eosc
Carl shook off his disappoint that Le Pen lost and performed quite well tonight. @Sargon_of_Akkad --eosc
Can we get skepsis, darkzy or bru-c representing us on  next year --eosc
By celebrate diversity did we mean 6 armed women --eosc
Buzzfeed Germany has no chill --eosc
Britain's Lucie Jones wins a standing ovation after her dazzling  performance
 --eosc
Britain, can we have your scores please... 
  --eosc
Bring back the gorilla... 0/10 --eosc
BREAKING: Last minute entry into the ! --eosc
Bowie is dead, and this song makes it seem like he never lived
 --eosc
Bottoms up. 🥂
  --eosc
Boobs --eosc
Bless --eosc
Bill and Hillary Clinton Body Count   i --eosc
Best one so far, but that doesn't really say much   --eosc
Besides, I think next year we should just enter Sia to troll with everybody.    --eosc
Believe me, it is. While liberals are raving over  the details always been on @TomiLahren &amp; @seanhannity…  --eosc
Because the  vision is to assimilate the whole world. Resistance is futile! ;)
  
 --eosc
beautiful cinnamon roll too good for this world, too pure   --eosc
Beautiful @birgitstauber! --eosc
BBC News -  2017: 's ballad wins contest --eosc
BBC are already on to Adele. --eosc
Barack Obama was Caught Smoking Crack in Limousine with Gay Lover   b --eosc
Azerbaijan isn't actually a real country but no one seems to have noticed. --eosc
AUSTRALIA WE LET YOU PARTICAPATE THIS ONCE AND THIS IS THE THANKS WE GET?😂😂 --eosc
Australia is offshoring so many jobs that even their mooning is being performed by foreigners --eosc
Australia is my favourite country in Europe --eosc
ATTENTION: Arse-bearer at the ! --eosc
At least you don't need this  voting guide this year. Or do you....? --eosc
as if we weren't already unpopular, post-brexit united kingdom may be the first contestant to actually get negative points!  --eosc
As I said to @navahw: Nothing says Ukraine to me quite like a chainmail tunic and leather-clad background dancers.… --eosc
Are they complaining about Australia in  because of how well we do in the commonwealth games? --eosc
Apparently I must censor myself because some effeminates are watching tv. --eosc
And you're wondering why we're leaving? --eosc
and with that swift but firm booty shake - australia were never invited back --eosc
And the award for best Eurovision commentary goes @GrantAgnew 😂👍🏻 --eosc
And Portugal have won  for the first time! Congratulations Salvador Sobral! --eosc
Amusing ourselves between  songs by looking for dancing queens on  (YT13 Add42497… --eosc
Americans on Twitter during  - now you know how us Europeans feel during Superbowl 😂 --eosc
All the Americans in my timeline are jealous of  and we tell them that's why we don't go to war anymore --eosc
Ahhhhh the winning  song; 'Amar Pelos Dois' sung by Salvador and his sister Luisa. --eosc
Ah, this is boring. Check our the best ever  winner. Fairytale by Alexander Rybak.  --eosc
ah yes, the jewelled milk carton, my favourite instrument
 --eosc
After writing the title to your essay --eosc
After Brexit does the UK have to stop competing in ? --eosc
ADMIN : Western Cape
General Office worker required. Must be ...[READ MORE] &gt;&gt;    --eosc
ADMIN : Mpumalanga
ADMINISTRATOR REQUIRED IN NELSPRUIT     ...[READ MORE] &gt;&gt;    --eosc
ADMIN : KwaZulu/Natal
Duties will include:   Assist with the d...[READ MORE] &gt;&gt;    --eosc
ADMIN : Gauteng
Superior Spa &amp;amp; Bath - established co...[READ MORE] &gt;&gt;    --eosc
ADMIN : Gauteng
Do all Administrati ve work  Have comput...[READ MORE] &gt;&gt;    --eosc
Actually Australia is perhaps won  but a Canadian (Céline Dion) won the contest in 1988 for Switzerland. --eosc
ACID  ATTACKS: The UK is now the acid attack capital of the world. Thankfully, they Brexited.


 --eosc
A top 10 finish for ! Nice work @isaiahofficial!   🇦🇺 --eosc
A reminder of Australia's important place in Europe. --eosc
A new meme has been born. Thank you --eosc
A hard border it is then, Ireland.  --eosc
5th to 2nd to 9TH at .  I call for an urgent high performance review, we finished only 6 places above the UK. --eosc
200 million viewers. 42 acts. 1 winner. Congratulations, Portugal! --eosc
12 points to UK! YAY! --eosc
10 points from Slovenia! @Dean0909 is currently making a list of obscure countries to visit. --eosc
0/10 UNTIL THAT GORILLA CAME OUT 100000/10 --eosc
Press Conference:  🇵🇹 
"I think the real Hero is Ronaldo for Portugal  but I am not a nationa…  --eosc
who will win it's starts in less than 2 hours enjoy the show  🇩🇰
Pl… --eosc
👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻 12 points --eosc
🐵 Don't let people make a monkey out of you! 
More idioms and phrases here: …  --eosc
 Champions League
 Copa Del Rey
Club World Cup
 Super Cup 


Fair play Gareth Bale 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼  --eosc
🇵🇹 wins the 2017  Song contest with 758 points! Well deserved   👏🏆😍 --eosc
*Ukrainian. He was NOT an Aussie. --eosc
*Disclaimer: This limerick is not addressed to * 

Back again 
Lacking aim 
Trying hard to get some...  --eosc
@RoryHollon rasha got soooo weak at this --eosc
@prassiooo there was a gorilla --eosc
@joshua_knol has been   blogging.
 and go read it...  --eosc
@Jimbo_JumpsMan I had a shocker a Chester but not sure how anyone watches  ? --eosc
@conkerhimself Makes me glad I emigrated! --eosc
@Basia_UK SBS interviewed one of the organizers &amp; he said many people don't believe Australia should be at .I turned it off after that --eosc
@auroraslane Its you! I don't know what name to call you. It used be Kay. Can I still call you Kay? I did not watch --eosc
@Asynca ICYMI: Portugal won  2017. Lovely song; alas, I can't understand it :( Would it have beat , though? --eosc
@AFP Seriously @AFP ? What on earth has to do his hart condition with wining the  contest? --eosc
【LINETheme】
bat dances in the clouds and blue moonlight

⬇【Store】


 …  --eosc
[7hjz/dzt3] I VOTE FOR FOR THE  TOP SOCIAL ARTIST AWARD  ARMY…—&gt;&gt; &lt;&lt;—BORDER—EXPECTATION VS REALITY —HAPPY MOTH… --eosc
"You gotta get off your [insert expletive here]"    --eosc
"What's  like? Well... um..."  --eosc
"We live in a world of fast food music. It is a victory for music... music isn't fireworks, music is feeling." -Sobral
  --eosc
"Sure, Portugal's song was good but you can't tell me Spurs didn't deserve to win "  --eosc
"Now's your chance, it's right, the moment is right"   --eosc
"Music is not fireworks, music is feelings" 

  --eosc
"Music is feeling… It's not about fireworks…"

👏🏼GO👏🏼AND👏🏼FUCK👏🏼YOUR👏🏼BORING👏🏼ARSED👏🏼SONG👏🏼UP👏🏼YOUR👏🏼BORING👏🏼ARSE👏🏼…  --eosc
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep  moving" - Albert Einstein  --eosc
"I'll tell you who else gave 12 points to  " --eosc
"Good evening Ukraine, this is the United Kingdom calling....And our 53 points go to the United Kingdom"… --eosc
"Good evening Ukraine this is London calling, the United Kingdom gives all of our 105 points to the United Kingdom"… --eosc
"Do it for your lava, do it for your lava, lavalavalava"    --eosc
"Can you hold my mic. I want to do up my top button."
"But you're performing."
"Just do it."
"OK."   --eosc
This year's  theme is diversity'
'Introducing your hosts... 3 white men' --eosc
Spain: Muslims call for marriage to Christian women to strengthen Islam'

 …
 --eosc
s  is 's 'cool karma chameleon' and also a big favourite! --eosc
.@SBSNews Can now confirm the  streaker was NOT Australian - but Vitalii Sediuk @SBSNews @SBSEurovision --eosc
.@Dean0909 says, "Norway's points announcers are Village Of The Damned!" --eosc
.@Dean0909 says, "I think we really are getting a cold shoulder from Europe tonight." --eosc
.@BoJackHorseman cashing that paycheck --eosc
. Father  --eosc
-100/10 WORST COUNTRY  NOR --eosc
won  w/song on .s  atrocities last yr = good  for Rus public while  &amp;  public distracted --eosc
When are you going to be good again. too much like American singing contests. YAWN. --eosc
was trending yesterday because of . We did the  song. --eosc
Ukraine's president cancels  visit after deadly shelling in east --eosc
tonight 7 Irish lads in Kiev looking for tickets if any one could help out we drove over @RTE2fm… --eosc
 terrorists beating a boy to death for 'STANDING' near , a goddess of .
    @UN  --eosc
 subtitles on point this year... 

Amazing.
@bbceurovision  --eosc
plays:
Roger Pontare - Himmel Och Hav
from 2017 --eosc
 Name a more iconic duo, I'll wait.  --eosc
Mike Dean  Liberty University  Stoke  Ohio High School Student Des --eosc
Mike Dean  Liberty University  Stoke  Greyson Chance Collabs With --eosc
Mike Dean  Liberty University  Stoke  Do Joe Jonas &amp; Sophie Turner --eosc
Mike Dean  Liberty University  Stoke  Coronation Street spoilers: --eosc
Mike Dean  Liberty University  Stoke  ‘Baywatch’ Babe Donna D’Erri --eosc
Kid from Up grown up fast --eosc
is over for another year — here's some of the funniest Tweets. --eosc
is over for another year --eosc
in  @blanchemusicbe From    @Eurovision @EurovisionMex… --eosc
I didnt know Sam from game of thrones was from Croatia.. --eosc
I demand another vote! --eosc
 Harsh, but fair.  --eosc
 gears up for  visitors in 


   @timesofoman --eosc
 Female Genital Mutilation, is Islamic authorized form of child abuse!
Why is the world silent?
   
 --eosc
 Congratulation,   you are well done! --eosc
asks: Is it safe to be a Muslim in America?
I ask: Is it safe to be a 12 year old girl in Rotherham, Bradford,… --eosc
sounds like David guetta titanium  --eosc
Song Contest 2017 Grand Final --eosc
my top 3 tonight 1. Portugal 2. Moldova 3. Belgium --eosc
is over, but  10 thousand civilians killed by 's army, Ukrainian journalist Buzina, Odessa fire victims --eosc
  FAKE "casualty tactics" caught on video - in detail!
Watch it - &amp; never believe them again!
 
 --eosc
Days till Payday best app for salary reminder --eosc
The Moto X4 reveals its name and specifications in new leaks… --eosc
The Moto X4 reveals its name and specifications in new leaks --eosc
8X8 EXTRA LARGE SIZE DOUBLE BED NYLON MOSQUITO NET FEET(96"X96") WASHABLE  
 
 599
 
   v152676 --eosc
8X6 (96"X72") FEET KING SIZE Normal quality DOUBLE BED NYLON MOSQUITO NET  
 
 185
 
   v152653 --eosc
 
Trying to understand the  voting system be like  --eosc
 
Chicken Little
Manel Navarro  --eosc
@eliistender10 I think that you'll find this is the best  entry from the British Isles --eosc
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FOR AHOK FROM TAPUT  --eosc

friend: dont be overdramatic

me:  --eosc

After a storm always comes the calm.
  --eosc

 
 
 
Which God has the selfishness in giving birth and death?

  --eosc
.@Camila_Cabello &amp; @machinegunkelly's song  is the JAM!   🎶 --eosc
This is terrifying --eosc
I'm so excited and I can't wait to see @Camila_Cabello later in  😊💘  … --eosc
.@NiallOfficial @LiamPayne Liam e Niall no backstage do , em San Diego. (13/05) 😍 --eosc
Mic Check 1, 2!! We can't wait for @Camila_Cabello to hit the stage with @machinegunkelly! --eosc
Miley backstage  
.
.
.
   …  --eosc
Friendship goals --eosc
Camila with @JoJoWright (via jojowright on Instagram)   
  --eosc
Votem no Niall, sweets! /yasmin  --eosc
Enjoyed the live stream of @maroon5 at  tonight !! --eosc
Payno &amp; Nialler met @   --eosc
Camila on @1027KIISFM's snapchat. --eosc
I love it when he closes his eyes to sing 😍 @maroon5 --eosc
.@NiallOfficial fans! Tune in to our Snapchat / Instagram for some  fun! --eosc
Camila and @machinegunkelly performing Bad Things on @ashlee_juno's Instagram story --eosc
@Zedd ARE YOU PERFORMING THE SONG WITH LIAM TONIGHT --eosc
Niall cantando "On The Loose" esta tarden en el !  --eosc
Miley backstage at . --eosc
PROJECT WITNESS???)/€kdkdkdkd' BITCH WBZG THENESJDJDNX --eosc
@NiallOfficial u rocked it --eosc
Japanese High School Baseball Player's Amazing Plate Routine ,,,  --eosc
Chipmunk Stretches in the Morning ,,,  --eosc
Niall Cantando, Slow Hands --eosc
@Camila_Cabello on the  yellow carpet |
@CCabelloNews  --eosc
@LiamPayne tonight at ! (Via @wydnialll) -P --eosc
So fucking PROUD of this amazing women!! You killed tonight at --eosc
👋 ! Discover the 🌎 inside your 📱 July 28! --eosc
Niall at --eosc
Halsey arriving at --eosc
Niall en el backstage del --eosc
she might be a lil crazy but damn she talented --eosc
Niall backstage at --eosc
TWEET IT. TREND IT ⬇️ --eosc
@NiallOfficial  Together
Niall Horan and Liam Payne 😍
Horan and Payno 😍
Nialler and Payne chain 😂😍

 --eosc
These Sleepy Lion Cubs are Cuter than Kittens ,,,  --eosc
4 years ago Avril Lavigne was performing at  2013. Time really flies... Can't wait to see Avril rocking… --eosc
Soundcheckin' for tonight's  @1027kiisfm  @ Stubhub Center --eosc
CUTIE AT --eosc
Hey Violet performant Guys My Age au , Carson (13/05) | realpatrickjones --eosc
🎥 Niall at the 102.7 KIIS FM  in Carson, CA today!  (May 13) --eosc
.@NiallOfficial and @LiamPayne reunite at ! --eosc
May 13th: Niall being interviewed backstage at --eosc
We're SO HAPPY that @NiallOfficial is in THIS TOWN 😍😍😍 --eosc
Camila performing onstage at 102.7 KIIS FM'S Wango Tango. --eosc
.@olivia_holt is READY to hit the  Village! 🔥🔥🔥 --eosc
@NiallOfficial This is amazing ! glad for ya --eosc
ZEDD IS NEXT ... WHAT IF LIAM SURPRISES US WITH A COLLAB --eosc
Camila with @machinegunkelly (via jimmynickles on Instagram)  

    --eosc
Roar! --eosc
she probably thought it was Miley --eosc
Hello. @Camila_Cabello is playing  this evening. We'll be posting via Instagram Story (@901Music) all ni… --eosc
Liam is at ! --eosc
"Oakley" &amp; The Oaklettes Learn to Move with the Groove! ,,,  --eosc
Check this out! With just $10, you can help keep girls like Asha in school-  Portugal --eosc
Another 1 for the Books, shout to Amanda she makes our Team Pop! --eosc
About to kick off the @noahcyrus meet &amp; greet! Ahhhh! 😍 --eosc
Reunited with @sofiacarson at @1027KIISFM  👯 --eosc
So proud of you @noahcyrus !!!! So stoked to share this night with you!  @1027KIISFM --eosc
@NiallOfficial @1027KIISFM @iHeartRadio Niall when can I preorder the album.?? 😍 and book tix for tour.? 😍
I need them so bad 😍😍 --eosc
good ass 😂 --eosc
Liam watching Niall perform at  tonight 13/5/17 --eosc
It's about time we get to see Alessia and Zedd performing "STAY" at  tonight!  --eosc
I'm watching @niallhorran play at  and @Liampayne is standing directly next to me. --eosc
Alessia at  carpet today! --eosc
Miley singing 'Jolene' on stage tonight at ! --eosc
Miley performing 'We Can't Stop' --eosc
Our backstage social stop was so much fun! Thanks to our friends  and . Hi @Jiffpom!! --eosc
Hey Violet performant Brand New Moves au , Carson (13/05) | realpatrickjones --eosc
@NiallOfficial Performing at  today Really proud Niall --eosc
next to you
malibuuuu  --eosc
Niall tonight at --eosc
@1027KIISFM  is so awesome and so many talented people at there ♥ --eosc
Yaaaay Maroon 5 with the Prince cover!!!!  😭😭 --eosc
.@NiallOfficial hits ! 😍😍 --eosc
Holy fucking SHIT 🔥🔥 --eosc
❤️❤️loved seeing you guys --eosc
Miley threw flowers in the crowd💐 --eosc
What a single. So so proud of our Sunshine! --eosc
Liam at  today! -P --eosc
Camila on @ashlee_juno's Instagram story --eosc
Hailee Steinfeld cantando "Love Myself" no  - 13 de maio. --eosc
MY POOR NIAM HEART OMG --eosc
Our fave @aaroncarter just taught @CassieDiLaura how to Tango at @1027KIISFM ! --eosc
Finishing up with Prince tribute @maroon5 at --eosc
@NiallHFrance Best performance? --eosc
Camila today at --eosc
Up close and personal with the @backstreetboys @1027KIISFM @extratv  … --eosc
Don't forget to Buy "Malibu" by @MileyCyrus which was performed tonight at  

Buy:   🌊  --eosc
ADAM LEVINE/MAROON 5 IS SINGING LET'S GO CRAZY BY PRINCE 💜 --eosc
NIAM AT THE --eosc
Live on the Yellow Carpet at  with @alexonthemic and the @backstreetboys --eosc
Camila no Instagram story da @Chelsea_Briggs --eosc
Give us @brian_littrell with a kid any day! --eosc
Liam just jumped on stage to talk about his new single ! Out next Friday! | @iHeartRadio --eosc
@camila_cabello @1027KIISFM  Could you sort this post for us camilizer?please say yes! I really wanted to win.… --eosc
What this toddler did to save his trapped twin brother will shock you! ,,,  --eosc
fam photo --eosc
Check out all of the @backstreetboys Meet and Greet photos from  here:  Numbers 116-131 --eosc
Goodness knows what a relationship must be. --eosc
Niall cantando This Town en el !! 
  --eosc
.@LiamPayne from  at @1027KIISFM --eosc
@HaileeSteinfeld I love you, you are the most beautiful woman in the world.💓💗😍😍  --eosc
Who are you most excited to see perform today at ? 

(1 day poll, vote and retweet.) --eosc
@WK_Stylez @aaroncarter The tweet is gone. 🙄 I just told my friend that Aaron is gonna be at  &amp; I'd tell… --eosc
Camila on backstage of  

   --eosc
More pics of Miley backstage --eosc
Otro video de Niall cantando "Slow Hands" 😍😍  (via @chxudry)   --eosc
.@MileyCyrus performing --eosc
AHHH @aaroncarter sang a "I Want Candy" remix at the  Village!  --eosc
Kick A$$ performance ladies @HaileeSteinfeld @jamiehauptmann --eosc
📸  and  at --eosc
So much talent in one photo 👍🏼😁 @alessiacara @Zedd 🙌🏼 --eosc
Miley performing Malibu for the first time ever at  ! --eosc
SUGAR YES PLEASE --eosc
LIAM VIENDO A NIALL EN  . -CT♡

 --eosc
"You know I had to come bearing gifts!"- Miley so cute!   💐😘🌷🌸  --eosc
A PERFORMER!! --eosc
Niall en el !! 😍😍😍 --eosc
UPDATE || Liam backstage at --eosc
Miley with her friends &amp; crew backstage at . --eosc
Camila on @901Music's Instagram story --eosc
Bon Appétit at  was everything, I'm in love 😍  --eosc
BUT ADAMS HAIR THO 😍 --eosc
We can't get over @adamlevine's voice!!!! @maroon5 is rocking the  stage!!! --eosc
Beautiful Prince tribute by 😍😲😭 @maroon5 --eosc
onairwithryan: just over here trying to keep our  to ourselves during niallhoran at  --eosc
Camila with @CassieDiLaura  (via @sweetyhigh) --eosc

My Niam heart 😍❤❤
That friendship goals !  --eosc
Liam watching Niall's performance at --eosc
Noticing some missing band members at tonight's performance.... @katyperry WHERE ARE JOSH AND ADAM!?!? 😩 --eosc
On The Loose Love It --eosc
LIAM PAYNE!!!! --eosc
i would love to go a @maroon5 concert!! --eosc
Where you at @harrystyles @Louis_Tomlinson? --eosc
Adorable Baby Stingrays Dancing with Smiley Face ,,,  --eosc
Camila and @machinegunkelly on stage at . --eosc
Camila with @TanyaRad on @1027KIISFM's Snapchat story --eosc
LIAM WAS JUST ON STAGE IM FREAKING OUT --eosc
If you promise to be gentle I'll let you touch my --eosc
@adamlevine is fucken hottttttt --eosc
Miley and Noah singing happy birthday to @tishcyrus at  tonight! 🎈 --eosc
📸 | Liam no  . --eosc
Maroon 5 the best at  
I love them so much ❤️❤️❤️ --eosc
@NiallOfficial wants to see YOU at ! 🤞🏼Watch the live stream here:  👏🏼 --eosc
Niall no Red Carpet do . (7) --eosc
Thanks @maroon5 and @adamlevine !!!! --eosc
Her dance moves during the Migos part was everything 😍🔥🔥 --eosc
BXIXUUSH LIAM IS THERE WATCHING NIALL MY WIG FLEW I LOVE NIAM --eosc
Look who showed up to support his friends and tease his new music coming out NEXT Friday!!! @LiamPayne!!! --eosc
Niall hoy cantando ' Slow Hands ' en Wango Tango . --eosc
Miley literally SLAYED the  stage!
She sang  ,Jolene and WCS!

Watch performance :…  --eosc
.@MileyCyrus is JUST as excited as we are to watch her perform  🌊 at ! Watch the stream:… --eosc
Camila Cabello just KILLED IT at  tonight with MGK! --eosc
Queen @katyperry SLAAAYED the  stage! Take a peek on our Snapchat / Instagram! 
Username:…  --eosc
Camila with fans backstage at --eosc
WHUT? LIAM'OK THE NIGHT IS REALLY INSANE --eosc
Our backstage social stop was so much fun! Thanks to our friends  and . Hi @Jiffpom!!… --eosc
@maroon5 with the Prince "Let's Go Crazy" cover. I knew Adam's purple guitar meant something. Yes. --eosc
She's the cutest! We love you @HaileeSteinfeld ✨ --eosc
I wish... --eosc
@Camila_Cabello CC1 is here! --eosc
always with great perfomances @alessiacara @HaileeSteinfeld @Zedd @NiallOfficial @Jordan_Fisher @noahcyrus @Camila_Cabello --eosc
.@MileyCyrus was also the most interactive with her fans at  --eosc
@maroon5 WE NEED A GUITAR SOLO ON THE NEXT ALBUM --eosc
Update  | Niall performing at 102.7 KIIS FM’s 2017  •May 13th, 2017! /isa --eosc
Selfie from Louis, Liam at , and performances from Harry and Niall. Today has been a great day.…  --eosc
Pretty sure you should tune in to our Snapchat / Instagram right now... 
📱: @capitolrecords 
  --eosc
RT @CCabelloNews: Camila with @machinegunkelly (via jimmynickles on Instagram) --eosc
Excuse us.. @NiallOfficial coming through --eosc
Her performance gave me such Wonder World Tour vibes! ☺️Anyone else?     --eosc
Niall performando "On The Loose" no 
MEU DEUS
(via @chxudry)
  --eosc
Thank you @1027kiisfm for the invite. LA you sounded amazing singing  … --eosc
.@NiallOfficial covering @DUALIPA / @MartinGarrix's "Scared To Be Lonely"   --eosc
i hope so --eosc
sisanie: Always happy to be the bread on a Niall sandwich 🍞 see you at  niallhoran! --eosc
This. Is. Horrifying. --eosc
They are both so hot --eosc
.@renalovelis from @HeyViolet got off stage and ran straight to the @OtterPops! Gotta stay cool, right?! …  --eosc
. @MileyCyrus told @officialellenk she has something up her sleeve that's going to involve a lot of balloons tonigh… --eosc
We can't wait for @halsey's new album. AHHH!    --eosc
One more from Niall on the  yellow carpet! We'll go live on Instagram (@901Music) during his performance… --eosc
FREE 
THE
NIPPLE

@MileyCyrus   --eosc
Niall performando "Scared To Be Lonely" (3) --eosc
Niall cantando 'Slow Hands' esta tarde en el ! (2) --eosc
Camila on @iHeartRadio snapchat.

    --eosc
ONE DREAM ONE BAND ONE DIRECTION --eosc
I LOVE MY SONS SUPPORTING EACH OTHER --eosc
@LiamPayne I love that you went to see Niall at . Supportive brother. 1D forever. :) --eosc
Cat watching a horror movie will be the cutest thing you will see today! ,,,  --eosc
Meet &amp; greet photos of @backstreetboys from .
 --eosc
my  1d ship stays winning --eosc
Baby is so cute 💓 --eosc
I'm so upset --eosc
.@1027KIISFM's post on Instagram --eosc
Bout had a heart attack when the said @LiamPayne was here at . 1 more week till we have a full set of singles from the boys! --eosc
 doing a great cover of  "Let's Go Crazy" at   --eosc
Alessia Cara on the  yellow carpet just now 👋🏽 | @iHeartRadio --eosc
@noahcyrus &amp; @MileyCyrus surprised mommy @tishcyrus with a birthday cake at  tonight! HAPPY BIRTHDAY MT… --eosc
.@MileyCyrus performing "Malibu" live for the first time at  is EVERYTHING! @1027KIISFM --eosc
Christ. As Dolly Parton dies a little bit more..... --eosc
📸 | Liam at  tonight -11 --eosc
When @NiallOfficial brings out  💃🏻 --eosc
OH MY FUCKING GOD LIAM JUST WATCHED NIALL'S PERFORMANCE CAN YOU HEAR ME SCREAM 
 
  --eosc
Alessia backstage at ! --eosc
Camila on @1027KIISFM's yellow carpet. --eosc
Camila on 's red carpet.

   --eosc
When the sound cuts out right at the top of your set and your just like 
"IT AINT MY FAULT" 😩😂   --eosc
Liam en el backstage de --eosc
Just a quick pep talk from @katyperry before @noahcyrus hits the  stage 👭❤️ --eosc
.@HaileeSteinfeld is seriously goals....and killing the outfit game --eosc
miley cantando y bailando we can't stop MY 2013 FEELS --eosc
Niall con fans en el ! (3) --eosc
HONESTLY SAVED ME --eosc
Geli's Instagram. Stella! And adorable lil June 💕 --eosc
In honour of  being today, here's a throwback to Zayn performing at last year's Wango Tango!  --eosc
Maroon 5 covering Prince...what else could you want in life?? --eosc
NIALL IN A FUCKING HENLEY SINGING SLOW HANDS.. I'VE DIED AND GONE TO HEAVEN (minus that fucking hat) --eosc
Miley singing 'We Cant Stop' at . --eosc
is trending worldwide. --eosc
Liam at  tonight.  (via @wydnialll) --eosc
Camila with @tanyarad on @1027KIISFM's Snapchat story --eosc
 , Joevin Jones ,  ,  , Bryce Harper ,  ,  ,  --eosc
Yes they were everything except good --eosc
Camila on @ashlee_juno's Instagram story.

    --eosc
Camila no yellow Carpet do --eosc
Our first  Village artist @HeyViolet has hit the stage!! --eosc
i'm so proud of her --eosc
Mercedes F015 Concept Car Drives Itself To CES Las Vegas ,,, --eosc
Guess whose set this is😉 --eosc
.@EsperanzaGomez @LasMasPutasMex @Culos_Enormes @CamGirlzParty @LindasPutitas @CamGirlz1 @CamGirlErotica… --eosc
CamilaNationBr: --eosc
Niall performing Slow Hands at  today! -J --eosc
Justin singing Hold Tight last 2 years ago at --eosc
Please upgrade my little sister and i to the pit so she can see her fave Miley!!! --eosc
Yesssss 🙌🏽 @katyperry performing her new single "Bon Appetit" at @1027KIISFM --eosc
i will die for her tummy RIGHT NOW --eosc
Guess who's in the building! 😍 Get those dancing shoes on because @alessiasmusic and @zedd are coming up!… --eosc
.@MileyCyrus is BACK and taking us back to her roots with  at --eosc
KIIS/Los Angeles Releases The Lineup For The Free Wango Tango ...  ⚡🌟 --eosc
Everybody, rock your body! 😍 @backstreetboys  --eosc
i miss justin's performance back in 2015 :,( --eosc
It's a beautiful night at  Zedd is on stage! --eosc
Niall takes the  stage at 7:15PM PST tonight. We'll be posting live on our Instagram Story (@901Music).… --eosc
i fucking love this song --eosc
| Miley &amp; @halsey backstage. --eosc
Bless your timeline with Niam --eosc
this is so good fuckk --eosc
Niall cantando On The Loose! --eosc
OMG PLEASE PERFORM W NIALL PLEASE --eosc
📸 | Liam at  tonight. --eosc
🔥That moment when @kendra_benz clothes hit the floor!🔥

🆓➡️

 
 
  --eosc
Camila Cabello on the  just now 🤘🏽 | @iHeartRadio --eosc
@LiamPayne + @edsheeran = STRIP THAT DOWN --eosc
While we wait for the @backstreetboys  performance, check out these backstage photos!  --eosc
Okay  over now to watch whatever this  is so I can see the @backstreetboys!!! --eosc
.@noahcyrus performed a brand NEW song titled  at . SO good!  👌 --eosc
Camila durante a performance de Bad Things no --eosc
Katy Perry Performing  at  @katyperry @1027KIISFM 💅🏻 --eosc
Another video of "Slow Hands" tonight and the crowd singing along.   --eosc
Miley backstage at --eosc
I just noticed that @Zedd is in the  and @LiamPayne is also there ...
Do you have a little surprise, Payne? 👀👀👀👀 --eosc
Miley was seen rehearsing Jolene earlier so we can confirm she will be singing Jolene- --eosc
I'M SO HERE FOR THIS!!! --eosc
RT @CCabelloNews: Camila with @tanyarad on @1027KIISFM's Snapchat story --eosc
THE INTRO --eosc
Wait, y'all stan this?  --eosc
Love you @HaileeSteinfeld!!! Can't wait to see you perform later at --eosc
This is everything!   &lt;3 &lt;3 --eosc
Gang's all here getting ready to broadcast these artist interviews for you!  in full force --eosc
Is BSB's set going to be just as long as M5's?! --eosc
Camila no backstage do 

   --eosc
Niall no --eosc
This girl is flawless --eosc
Liam!! --eosc
@NiallOfficial @1027KIISFM @iHeartRadio you do know I lost my voice there by screaming loud at  but damn it was good --eosc
Wowwww adam woww @adamlevine I love youuu por siempreeeee !! 
 --eosc
Top 5:
1: 
2: Woodley +9
3: 
4: Kate Bush
5: Leeds Bradford Airport --eosc
Adam Levine's New Girlfriend ,,,  --eosc
Queen 👑 --eosc
Another throwback to when Zayn did THAT at . The start of an amazing, record-breaking career!
 --eosc
Yeezy Yeezy what's good it's ya boi Max b --eosc
LIAM AND NIALL LIAM AND NIALL @LIAMPAYNE @NIALLOFFICIAL NIALL  NIALL LIAM NIALL LIAM NIALL LIAM NIALL LIAM NIALL LIAM NIALL LIAM --eosc
IF LIAM PERFORMS WITH ZEDD --eosc
The beautiful @noahcyrus 😍can't wait to see you on our  main stage!! --eosc
Camila no Snapchat da @1027KIISFM --eosc
Niall is so fast deleting his tweet. 

  --eosc
Funny Puppy Drinking Milk and Falling in It ,,,  --eosc
fuck me i love her --eosc
Camila on 's yellow carpet. 

   --eosc
Live from 102.7 KIIS FM's , watch @halsey perform "Eyes Closed" off her sophomore album "hopeless founta… --eosc
Camila on stage at
. 
 --eosc
Lovely Owls ,,,  --eosc
Niall hoy cantando 'This Town' en --eosc
Power tweet guys!
  --eosc
Cute Miley fanpics backstage! --eosc
, Niall  【FR:37.7t/m】 --eosc
legend only --eosc
@WorldNotes1D Did Niall have the best performance of the night? --eosc
She's here she's here! Who's ready to see @imjmichaels tonight?! --eosc
LOOK AT HER ☹️ --eosc
Crazy Raccoon Gosha Loves Washing Everything ,,,  --eosc
@TeamMileyyLA Best performance? --eosc
New music from @NiallOfficial 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼 --eosc
WHAAAAAAATTTTTTT --eosc
Loving @noahcyrus at  with her new single --eosc
on stage now --eosc
.@NiallOfficial @LiamPayne Niall no backstage do , em San Diego. (13/05) --eosc
What can I say, it's complicated  @Camila_Cabello @machinegunkelly    --eosc
BABY YOU'RE A FIREWORK 🎇🎇🎇 @katyperry  Watch live: --eosc
this ain't right he's supposed to be up there with him --eosc
Camila on the  yellow carpet. --eosc
Katy baby no what is you doing???!! 😷 my ears --eosc
.@aaroncarter is back 🙌🏼🙌🏼🙌🏼 --eosc
Look whose dressing rooms we found 🤗 --eosc
Camila blowing kisses on the  yellow carpet 😘 | @iHeartRadio --eosc
@SofiaCarson via @favecelebz instagram stories at   How can one person be so perfect? She is stunning.  Love her  
@1027KIISFM --eosc
Hailee Steinfeld performs onstage during 102.7 KIIS FM's 2017  on May 13 in California. --eosc
.@sofiacarson looking gorgeous at  today! ❤️ --eosc
Niall en el  😍😍 --eosc
Hailee Steinfeld and Machine Gun Kelly perform onstage during 102.7 KIIS FM's 2017  on May 13 in Califor… --eosc
. @aaroncarter is up next at our  Village. --eosc
LIAM EN  . -CT♡ --eosc
AWWW! @MileyCyrus &amp; @noahcyrus surprised their mom with a birthday cake at !   --eosc
Camila's M&amp;G on  

   --eosc
Today is  She's going to make another incredible performance! Go @Camila_Cabello FLACA 
 --eosc
Niall performing at 102.7 KIIS FM’s 2017  •May 13th, 2017! /isa

©  courtneyjbarry --eosc
Sparkle Queens!  @musickillskate @stassi 
・・・
Hanging out with our wang out.   --eosc
Brb, @LiamPayne is at !!! 
  --eosc
.@NiallOfficial had all of  swooning over  &amp; more!  --eosc
I LOVE MAROON 5 --eosc
Hailee Steinfeld no Instagram Story da @Sisanie.
  --eosc
2015 Outfit iconico --eosc
Camila tonight via @901Music. --eosc
My poor Niam heart  --eosc
excited for  tonight!!! see all of your beautiful faces there --eosc
Niall cantando 'On the Loose' esta tarde en el ! --eosc
.@HaileeSteinfeld looked SO gorgeous up on our  stage!  --eosc
I WANT THAT RED VELVET I WANT THAT SUGAR SWEET --eosc
SURPRISE. Liam Payne just showed up on the  yellow carpet 🔥 | @iHeartRadio --eosc
This is --eosc
Liam Payne, Sofia Carson and Jordan Fisher Attend Wango Tango!   --eosc
So proud of this girl👏👏👏luv u so much --eosc
⒈ 
⒉ Woodley
⒊ 
⒋ Kate Bush
⒌ Leeds Bradford Airport

2017/5/14 04:53 BST --eosc
HQ: Alessia backstage at  today --eosc
📸 | Liam at  tonight -5 --eosc
Slay, @HaileeSteinfeld! --eosc
Camila no yellow carpet do  (HQ) --eosc
Photos of Katy walking the  carpet (via @katyspics) --eosc
Hailee Steinfeld cantando "Starving" no  - 13 de maio. --eosc
Camila on the yellow carpet at --eosc
.@aaroncarter hanging out at  Watch at --eosc
get this mess off my timeline --eosc
she's cute --eosc
LOL LOL I AM ON TOP!!!!! --eosc
Camila on stage at . --eosc
i never needed you like i do right now, i never hated you like i do right now  --eosc
tribute to PRINCE 💜💜  awesome!! @maroon5 --eosc
IG | Kells no Instagram story da @HaileeSteinfeld. --eosc
.@MileyCyrus performed her new single  for the FIRST TIME at @1027KIISFM ! See the video! -&gt; --eosc
Niall cantando On The Loose en el  . -CT♡

 --eosc
Ostriches tried on skiing gear, and what happened next will stun you! ,,,  --eosc
May 13th: Niall performing "On The Loose" (via @chxudry) (2) --eosc
Hailee Steinfeld and Machine Gun Kelly perform onstage during 102.7 KIIS FM's 2017  on May 13 in Cali… --eosc
@LiamPayne watching @NiallOfficial at --eosc
🎥 | Niall performando "Scared To Be Lonely" (via @chxudry) (2) --eosc
.@NiallOfficial @CapitolRecords Niall on stage at  

That beautiful smile give me peace --eosc
Miley performing We Can't Stop!  --eosc
wtf is this --eosc
Camila and @machinegunkelly on stage at . --eosc
Daddy [De Zayn] ahre. --eosc
OHNYGOD --eosc
I'm pumped for zedd --eosc
Introduced @noahcyrus with mom and she crushed it :) --eosc
@Camila_Cabello I love you, I'm so proud of you although you won't see this message and you won't follow me, you are amazing❤❤  --eosc
YAS CAMILA, SLAY THAT WANGO TANGO STAGE!   --eosc
.@1027KIISFM   Can't wait for my first performance EVER of  🌊 --eosc
Camila with fans backstage at --eosc
And Miley singing Jolene is my ultimate crack. Her backyard sessions are so so good. So powerful.  WATCH THEM. --eosc
This is just the beginning y'all ✌🏽 
   --eosc
You don't understand. @maroon5 is just heart eyes motherfucker. --eosc
Camila no Instagram story da @ashlee_juno --eosc
Niall perfoming 'On the Loose' at  (via @1027KIISFM) --eosc
OH SHIT --eosc
Niall is on the carpet!! 🔥 Who's excited to see him on stage tonight?! | @iHeartRadio --eosc
We ran into a fan at  who had some special words for @NiallOfficial! ❤️❤️❤️ --eosc
"Let's Go Crazy" by Prince - covered by @maroon5, live at --eosc
Normila is alive omg --eosc
.@imjmichaels KILLED her performance of !   💫 💫 💫 --eosc
Camila's cute belly 😁 --eosc
Niall performing at --eosc
Camila and @machinegunkelly on stage at --eosc
100% point on vocals 
100% point on styles 
100% point on body 
What a great queen 😌👏🏻 --eosc
Niam together in  is the only thing today that makes me happy ❤️❤️ --eosc
📸 | Liam at  tonight  [@901Music] --eosc
📲 || Liam backstage at --eosc
Cyrus ladies times three onstage at ! ❤️ @MileyCyrus @noahcyrus @tishcyrus --eosc
.@RyanSeacrest can't help but join the @maroon5 party!!!! --eosc
Camila on the backstage of  

   --eosc
I love that Maroon 5 is getting to perform so many songs. I hope @backstreetboys gets the same, if not more, amount time. --eosc
2015 Modular Phone: Project Ara ,,, --eosc
CAMILA CABELLO IS COMING FOR BLOOD PASS IT ON 
  --eosc
ON THE LOOSE IS A FUCKIN JAAAAAM MY GUYS --eosc
.@haileesteinfeld watching and supporting @imjmichaels backstage at  ❤️ --eosc
Camila on 's yellow carpet.

   --eosc
Camila con @JoJoWright (via Instagram de jojowright) --eosc
50 COLORS!

      trump 1sssjxjxjxbxbdbdbbdbds --eosc
YES PLEASE MORE MAROON 5 ❤ --eosc
Brilliant Recreation for Jurassic World Trailer ,,,  --eosc
Camila and @machinegunkelly during their performance on  (@MarcusRFrancis on Instagram story)… --eosc
Niall in @Chelsea_Briggs' Instagram story (May 13th) --eosc
📸 | Liam at  tonight --eosc
Niall on the yellow carpet at  💛 --eosc
Katy singing Dark Horse at . @katyperry --eosc
Liam watching Niall performing at .
They're definitely friendship goals.
@NiallOfficial @LiamPayne I love you both!!  --eosc
liam no @1027KIISFM --eosc
Hailee Steinfeld com o @JoJoWright.
  --eosc
@adamlevine is so fucken hottttt --eosc
On my way to @1027KIISFM . I'm presenting! Who's gonna be there?! 😆👌🏽 --eosc
Camila is going on soon! We're live on Instagram (@901Music). Follow along there! | @iHeartRadio --eosc
Clumsy Baby Elephant ,,,  --eosc
IM SCREAMING JOLENE IS SUCH AN ICONIC SONG --eosc
Niall in justinstirling's Instagram story (May 13th) --eosc
Here's the video of Miley &amp; Noah singing Happy Birthday to @tishcyrus 🎊🎂❤️ --eosc
AHHHHH
CAUSE BABY TONIGHT WE'RE BEAUTIFUL NOWWW!!!!!  @Zedd --eosc
Niall cantando This Town no  !!
  --eosc
VIDEO || Niall walking around at  today ! 

  --eosc
NIAM 
HARRY CANTANDO SC
HS1
LIAM SINGLE 
2017 SALVO --eosc
On The Loose via @chxudry. --eosc
posted at --eosc
Niall cantando Scared to be lonely en el  . -CT♡

 --eosc
Queen @camila_cabello! ❤️👑 --eosc
Chris Pratt and Jimmy Fallon Sing "Nonsense Karaoke" ,,,  --eosc
 

Keep moving. --eosc
Backstage babes @MileyCyrus x @halsey 😍🔥🎉 --eosc
Is everything okay at home @katyperry? --eosc
THEY INTERVIEWED LIAM I'M SO GLAD THAT I'M WATCHING 😭😭😭 --eosc
Liam is so fine what on earth --eosc
World Trends:  | Portugal |  |  | | Free Unfollow Unfollowers | --eosc
Look Full Photo ini 






Bobby Ryan
Frankie  --eosc
Who else wants a private serenade from @NiallOfficial?!!?? 🙋 --eosc
Camila and @machinegunkelly performing on  (@iHeartRadio on Snapchat)

   --eosc
Niall at  yellow carpet!! --eosc
Gorgeous as always! Hi @Camila_Cabello 👋🏼😘 --eosc
i LOVE how she sings this --eosc
I want front row   @1027kiisfm --eosc
Camila on @iHeartRadio's snapchat story --eosc
The Carrot is Always Mike’s Favorite ,,,  --eosc
May 13th: Niall performing "Slow Hands" (via @chxudry) (2) --eosc
Camila durante Bad Things no  (via @CabellosEffect) --eosc
Camila durante Bad Things no  (via @TigerBeatNow no Snapchat) --eosc
Camila on stage at . --eosc
HE WAS SO NERVOUS THAT DAY,  --eosc
Camila durante Bad Things no  (via @avaxcabello) --eosc
Dogs Annoying Cats with Their Friendship ,,,  --eosc
Katy's  performance just ended! Set list: Chained To The Rhythm, Teenage Dream, Firework, Dark Horse, E.T., Roar and Bon Appétit. --eosc
im not emotional --eosc
CES 2016: Google's Project Tango phone dances with Lenovo for its first consumer outing --eosc
So proud of this family.
 --eosc
insensibles💔 --eosc
Show has been amazing but I only came to see @TanyaRad @1027KIISFM --eosc
this whole look is so forced --eosc
@PCamilaCabello Best performance? --eosc
She might not need anyone else but we NEED you @HaileeSteinfeld!!!!! --eosc
Camila on @Chelsea_Briggs Instagram story. 

    --eosc
We Can't Stop! --eosc
ADAM LEVINE'S GUITAR SOLO JUST KILLED ME --eosc
miley is the best idol you can have --eosc
HQ | Camila no yellow carpet do  

   --eosc
A GODDESS @katyperry 💋 --eosc
Chameleon Loves to Pop Bubbles ,,,  --eosc
Niall cantando "On The Loose" esta tarden en el ! (2) --eosc
Niall en el backstage del  .-CT♡

 --eosc
📸 | Niall autografando posters no backstage do  . --eosc
Niall no backstage do  ontem - 13/05. --eosc
How good is this bunny at playing Jenga game will surprise you! ,,,  --eosc
Niall apresentando 'This Town' no . 
 --eosc
Using Siri To Get Married ,,,  --eosc
suicide --eosc
.@MileyCyrus takes us to ! ✌️ --eosc
Miley backstage with fans. --eosc
Tomorrow 🙌 --eosc
.@aaroncarter just remixed "I Want Candy" &amp; we CANNOT DEAL 😫😫😫    --eosc
Niall cantando This Town en el !!❤ --eosc
| @katyperry at  with her niece Stella and @Geli's daughter ❤️ --eosc
Baby Elephant Bathing ,,,  --eosc
this all looks like such a forced image by his label lmao --eosc
Niall onstage at @1027KIISFM  today! --eosc
Camila no backstage do  

   --eosc
Pics of Miley performing --eosc
Giant Star Wars LEGO Super Star Destroyer Shattered in Slow Motion ,,,  --eosc
Niall in courtneyjbarry's Instagram story (May 13th) --eosc
We are loving this powerful performance from @HaileeSteinfeld and @machinegunkelly --eosc
The fandom might as well be in the  right now with all the things the boys are throwing at us right now @LiamPayne  Niall --eosc
SUCH A BEBBEEEEE --eosc
OMG NIAM JUST MET!!! --eosc
Time to drop the bass, 'cause Zedd's performing next!  --eosc
Liam watching Niall Horan perform at --eosc
that's hot --eosc
We LOVE  @MileyCyrus!   🎈 --eosc
Camila and @machinegunkelly performing Bad Things tonight at --eosc
Which group is the most oppressed?

 --eosc
Is there such thing as white privilege?

 --eosc
The Govt census now considers Hispanics white.
What is all of this fuss?
   --eosc
is trending for everyone to hate on Whites and If your a white male who's proud of his heritage you're a racist fucking NAZI --eosc
Wait, what? This makes no sense. How can a group of people not have a "culture"? Everyone has culture.  --eosc
When  set their minds towards a goal there is nothing they cannot accomplish.
Be proud of your heritage…  --eosc
 Don't Lose Your Head
Children as young as five turned into executioners   via…  --eosc
Without , blacks would still be in slavery. My ancestors fought and died to end it. Where are my repara…  --eosc
No society ever thrived because it had a large and growing class of parasites living off those who produce. ~Thomas… --eosc
Villain to the left ✔
Developed the most successful tolerant societies in history ✔
Now let leftists try to destroy them✔
 
 --eosc
I'm an anti-racist so that means I hate all --eosc
tariq na-sherlock holmes at it again --eosc
Take a look at Trump supporters on the  hashtag - totally "not-racist"  --eosc
@BancoRana @Rambobiggs  need TRUE Equality --eosc
Yikes  is full of some serious, top notch shit --eosc
Not really sure why  would be trending. Sad to see many fellow liberals are attacking my skin color while republicans defend it. --eosc
@ferree_g @_Makada_ Democrats tried to normalize hatred against whites for political power, that's what nappened. Right @johngreen?  --eosc
I'm not , but my husband is and we love Trump, because in spite of the dummies on the left, he is  --eosc
" fought to free themselves, then they fought to free black people, then they fought to free women." -H…  --eosc
As do I. Very grateful to ancestors who came 2 USA LEGALLY to give me blessing of Freedom! RT if you are too! --eosc
at least I don't fuck my son like Mexican fem do lolol --eosc
Correct. If you're not racist, nothing about this should offend you. 👏🏼  --eosc
When your mom passes the family school shooting gun down to you ..
   --eosc
This tweet is what this hashtag should be used for --eosc
Who ever told U 2B ashamed? Atrocities commited by Europeans against indigenous people worldwide NOTHING2 B rejoicing N. Europeans R Great! --eosc
I've never been asked by POC to feel ashamed for my skin color. Ironic as POC are told to feel ashamed for theirs every day.

 --eosc
(((us)))

You have to go back.  --eosc
Shut up, you shithouse.  --eosc
it's been fun and remember stay white keep out of the sun stop taking heroin quit sleeping with your kids and you'll prosper --eosc
Yo did y'all peep this hashtag trending? Lmao cus why --eosc
Thx. Please forward the name of your plastic surgeon. And which  lips did u opt for? Small, medium,…  --eosc
Can I rt this 10 times?🙃 --eosc
problems --eosc
lives will always matter --eosc
@Xintani_ 👈just make some shit up..no one will care.
  --eosc
What's up Chuck.
    --eosc
@lxrdkayy I just HATE when Liberals accuse NICE  Trump supporters &amp; GOP racist! Breaks my heart! --eosc
why is  trending? --eosc
: we are conquerors! Be proud of your white skin! 

Also : REVERSE RACISM IS AS BAD AS RACISM  --eosc
Not a conservative but I kind of agree with this --eosc
I agree!I'm proud to be white too &amp; everyone should be proud of their race no matter what, it's just showing God gratitude.   --eosc
 need to relax, take a breath and be noble, magnanimous and partner up to make America safe again --eosc
got these POCs scared. Nice going fam. --eosc
Blocked.

 only  --eosc
I'm proud to be a Anglo Celtic Australian get mad left winged social justice cunts --eosc
is trending. I'd like to thank white people for all of this. --eosc
you have 2 admit
"Liberty University" is silly from bar 1.
 how absurd do they need to get? --eosc
I love all people, we are all created in God's image... sad that liberals start to forget about i!
  --eosc
White ppl love using MLK as some kind of example of "the good blacks"ism. 

Especially since he can't speak for himself. Assassinated &amp; all.  --eosc
I love  &amp; I'm sick of all the hate that's spewed at them from racist minorities &amp; liberals who suffer f… --eosc
is trending because of bot accounts. --eosc
Proud of my culture, Proud of my people's history. B4 America there was no end to slavery in sight. Slavery? We shit it down --eosc
Liberals see racism where it doesn't exist
  --eosc
@realbrockturner here you go asshole.The privilege of being white. While an African American would have done life 4 what u did --eosc
Since we are on the subject of racism, spot the difference between the real Juno Mission team and Google's interpre…  --eosc
😂🤦🏾‍♀️I swear Trump supporters be saying the dumbest shit to make an uproar. --eosc
I see a sea of RED PEOPLE!

Dems want you to believe they're all  😂  --eosc
are less than 8% of the worlds population!  

Protect real diversity! Fight ! --eosc
self-segregation by SOME militant niggaz --eosc
Funny how everyone loves to hate , yet everyone wants to live in the great western civilizations  created 🙄 --eosc
So many white cucks.
This wont get you pussy
At least not any worth while  --eosc
Lucky I'm 1/64 Crow, allows me to escape the whole white guilt thing. --eosc
got no style. --eosc
dear fellow , we are awkward. oh well. hug a person of color. it may not improve anything but hugs are nice. --eosc
How about the ability to not be that smart but can still win an election... that's just one... --eosc
 are fine.  are also fine.

No matter your race, you're capable of being racist. Don't do that. No one likes a cunt. --eosc
This happens when you don't know history. Wonder if she knows those racists jumped to @GOP when LBJ passed Civil Rights Laws... --eosc
The words and beliefs that my words reflect built and nurtured this nation. Get a clue . --eosc
Bill and Hillary Clinton Body Count   i --eosc
When Black People lights go out, we plan it. When  lights go out, they PANIC!  😂😂😂😂 --eosc
The age of guilt is over.

  --eosc
since  is trending (???) here are some insightful words for your saturday night --eosc
Liberals, every time you make a comment about , say the exact same thing, but change the race, then hear how ignorant you sound. --eosc
Lighter shade of brown --eosc
Liberalism does strange things to your brain. --eosc
So Twitter can just let  trend like it's nothing, but if  were trending then there would be riots in the streets.  --eosc
The sooner the better.. know your place... --eosc
I love . Don't be ashamed of your race or loving your heritage because it's a taboo now. I love my European heritage. 🇺🇸👌🏼 --eosc
We're. Not. Sorry. 

  --eosc
The left is vilifying an entire race of people based on their own stereotypes &amp; prejudices of  . Hypocrites! --eosc
you're so brave thank you for sharing your story --eosc
we hate white people like youuuu not all of them babygirl --eosc
are alright. --eosc
When  say they wanna 'make America great again' ..  



They are either
complete selfish asses
or Ignant af  --eosc
 aren't the problem

White LIbs are

👉Fought for slavery
👉Enacted Jim Crow
👉Founded KKK


  --eosc
Girl...what's happening in this tag --eosc
 ,  ,  , Sounders ,  ,  , Hansel Robles , Gignac ,  --eosc
*enslaved people to get out of their own work &amp; stopped those same ppl from getting educations* : we built this country. --eosc
love white everything! --eosc
@fdell3 hey! Vladimir Caddie guy!

It seems there's a Gopher in my pant.
NO, I AM NOT GLAD TO SEE YOU! --eosc
"*OUR* race built this civilization!"
"What about slavery and genocide?"
"Hey, *I* wasn't a part of that..."

 --eosc
Pssst.. The Constitution was written up and signed by  😲😲 "them crackers so evil trying to make a civilized society and shit" 😂😂 --eosc
Just so everyone knows, we don't claim the white people crying how they're oppressed in the  hashtag. They're on their own.  --eosc
Liberals cry "racism" whenever somebody says something they disagree with yet leftists love to openly promote racism against . --eosc
Why don't you? You don't think white people don't like black people? How's the love in Africa? Or Asia and India? Do They love white people? --eosc
So Twitter can just let  trend like it's nothing, but if  were trending then there would be…  --eosc
Why are nations founded by  the most free &amp; tolerant? There are Currently slaves in Africa &amp; Middle East yet whites are evil.. --eosc
buuuuuttt  kinda screwed all that up in the past and today soooo racism remains --eosc
is trending....... I will use it as an excuse to post bikini pics 😘 --eosc
Sre you going to denounce this overt racism in your name, @GOP, @RNC, &amp; @TNGOP?  --eosc
Wait. Wait. Look over here. Trump put Russian dressing on his salad!!!  Let's get a special prosecutor because nothing else bad is happening --eosc
White lives matter. --eosc
Cause  are the problem w --eosc
freed my ancestors. Dont understand the hate. No quarrel from me here. Carry on  😎 --eosc
Native Americans and gentrified communities may have a word about this... --eosc
Ok I have done my best to mock the   hashtag. Now it's time for this cracka to sleep ... --eosc

Video: Was the Tower of Babel Real?
 --eosc
Can someone name the number of genocides committed by Blacks? We know for the Whites...Thanks in advance. --eosc
No surprise that Tang is in office and   is trending. I am sure next week  will be on top --eosc
It's actually the hat that sells you as a white supremacist but keep trying, sweaty :)))))  --eosc
"You don't understand our struggle! The Dow was down two points today!"  --eosc
Your Tude is what more people have got to realize is the only way to combat this politically correct idea that there is eternal white guilt! --eosc
I'm white &amp; I get it. It's bulllllshit --eosc
George Soros Feels No Guilt In Helping The Nazis   i --eosc
There sure are a lot of stupid  who voted for Cankles. --eosc
You hate us because you ain't us.. 

Seriously, who's the most racist people on earth right now in 2017? 

🍓🍦 --eosc
our women are beautiful and strong. It's up to you to continue reproducing with your own in order to s… --eosc
Dentist : ur teeth are so white 
Her : how white they are ?
Teeth: *colonize half the world* 
Dentist : pretty fuck…  --eosc
The Left is  @chuckschumer &amp; @nancypelosi should be committed or imprisoned They are intentionally try… --eosc
 can y'all niggas become extinct already, damn... I know it don't take that damn long  --eosc
shouldn't feel guilty about something we didn't do. You weren't a slave and I didn't own one. You get no reparations from me!! --eosc
 shouldn't be a thing, ever. Just like how any race trending isn't and shouldn't be acceptable. --eosc
affirmative --eosc
All Dems know...Name calling, riots, looting, fake news against Trump, destroy America for vindictiveness rather th…  --eosc
Hillary Clinton in 1975: Defends a Child Rapist   i --eosc
What in the hell does this have to do with white people? --eosc
Choose your tradition  be your color and go back to tradition or join the Muslim tradition by force. This is your last freedom --eosc
Shallow minded black people who are also liberals are taking the bait. --eosc
Without separating Americans by skin color, liberals would have no influence. 

Don't let them divide us. 
 --eosc
classic twitter --eosc
I agree!I'm proud to be white too &amp; everyone should be proud of their race no matter what, it's just showing God gr…  --eosc
we love everyone with good will --eosc
Dear Libs,
If you bring nothing but knives and drama to the table, don't be surprised when your guests get up and l…  --eosc
Want space exploration? --eosc
You think a  hashtag is racist? 😂😂😭😭 I'm dying, you don't know what racism is 💀  --eosc
 Are actually lizards because we turn green,red,purple,pink,yellow,and grey. Face it, we're fucking rainbows. --eosc
Some  enjoy reading the classics.... --eosc

✔️Freed the slaves
✔️Defeated Hitler --eosc
crack head threatened to shoot me tonight while i was on my porch and i live in a nice town. color has no bias stupid people --eosc
 are supposed to have white privilege but someone stole mine and made me work for every dime i got,i was robbed! --eosc
The word 'racism' is like ketsup. It can be put on practically and demanding evidence makes you 'racist.'~ Sowell… --eosc
@KodiGaddis This is the kind of tweet that liberals &amp; others are horrified by: --eosc
Over 600k Rep died to stop it. We have nothing 2 do / it. Democrats have brainwashed people they think we're stupid. --eosc
Why is this trending? We are all one. --eosc
We need to stop comparing people based on their race and start looking at each individuals character. --eosc
POLL: How do you feel about the prospect of  becoming a minority in the US? --eosc
The only example of institutional racism is race-based Affirmative Action. --eosc
YOU WERE'NT KANGZ!

 on the other hand...  --eosc
@emjayale Slavery was Muslim.
Still is.
DUH
  --eosc
Thanks to  the stereotype that  can't DANCE didn't exist 4 me.  I ❤ you &amp; it's not unusual 😉 --eosc
Hate crimes against  are real despite all that your 'gender studies' professor taught you. --eosc
I've been given a privilege because of my skin. The right thing to do is to fight for other races to have what I have had. --eosc
Racism wouldn't exist if white peoplr didn't create the social construct of race. --eosc
Turkey and mayo sandwiches --eosc
United we stand, divided we fall. Are we not all of the human race?   it's not your fault --eosc
They sure do thrive on it they don't care what is good for the country it's all about them --eosc
.Science fiction? Or just a matter of time? If left up to @TheDemocrats it will be the end of … --eosc
I think the  hashtag is a Russian bot operation designed to cause discourse on all sides. It worked I see --eosc
Racist   are the problem and that's why the sane white people arent offended by this hashtag --eosc
Robbed &amp; killed other civilizations &amp; then took credit for their accomplishments* fixed it for you sis --eosc
 is trending, so I'm just gonna leave this here...   --eosc
Grateful for white men who recognize their societal privilege, and use it to empower women &amp; people of color. Mad respect guys!  --eosc
You get none.  Your ancestors started this shit back in the mid 1400's. --eosc
are the only only racial group in this country who is accused of racism on a daily basis. When most of it today is against us! --eosc
Didn't y'all kill him? --eosc
Created and built on the back of Black slaves you mean.

I fixed it for you.  --eosc
You'll miss us. --eosc
There's little more childish than a white person losing their shit because someone asks them to consider other experiences.

 --eosc
@Trend_Spitter Making fun of  is going out of style fast. Just a heads up. --eosc
Flip &amp; RT this poll... --eosc
George Soros thinks he's God   i --eosc
  There are two kinds of republicans; 

Billionaires and Suckers. 

Check your wallet to see which one you are. --eosc
I actually say this and shout it out of windows while riding through The District. Gentrification is why Our girls are missing.. ..sooo... --eosc
This says it all!
  --eosc
Liberals policies have enslaved minorities to the state. --eosc
BAD ASS --eosc
Dear --eosc
Actually, they are admitting that they're !  --eosc
Officer William Stacy caught this starving mother stealing eggs. What did he do? Delivered two truckloads of food t… --eosc
Nobody can pull the "qualified" excuse on me when we see a Congress full of only  who stink at their job.  --eosc
Did some people really need to be told that? --eosc
Can someone please tell me something  can do without killing themselves that's not racist at this point? --eosc
He so upset that white people getting call on their bs --eosc
"We didn't talk about race because we didn't have to. It didn't affect us." This is very common for non-POC. …  --eosc
Or it could be the hat --eosc
@KeifyG I keep tellin people one of the worst things you can do in America is tell  the truth of their history here and across the globe --eosc
I may not like m o s l e m s, unlike you, you racist I don't wish them dead. Hypocrite Idiot  --eosc
When do you think  are going to remember that they forced their language on us 🤔 --eosc
Fourth Reich Is among us. First of all, you mocked us, insulted us, called us racist, we'll see who raises again soon. 

  --eosc
I was wondering why  was trending and I see it's a bunch of WHITE SUPREMACISTS trying to hide their racism behind all white ppl --eosc
@BasedElizabeth You mean picture the world without numerous genocides, Holocaust, and Colonialism.  Looks good from this side.  --eosc
Reality is that not all lives matter, this will be winner take all  --eosc
Homophobes? --eosc
I'M SO HERE FOR MUSLIM/ ISLAMIC PRIVILEGE!!! --eosc
THIS x 1000000000 --eosc
Im getting a little too political tonight, but at what point does the #  become . Fuck liberal/right wing. IM LOGICAL. --eosc
Last I checked the highest income earners on average in North America are Asian so what White privalge are you talking about? --eosc
Something to consider before calling all white people racist. This hatred must stop somewhere. Everyon… --eosc
More hot  from Russia--why? Because I goddamn hate the progressive witch hunt. Eat shit, progs.  --eosc
This one is a gem of her race --eosc
In case you still think it was wrong of Hillary to call Trump supporters deplorables...click through the  hashtag --eosc
Democrats used to demonize blacks. Then, Native Americans. Now it's . Dems thrive on social hatred. They manufacture it. -VJ --eosc
@DebunkRacistH8 IT IS offensive to  though. Stand a viable candidate next time! --eosc
must be nice to know exactly where you came from, because most african americans don't have that privilege  --eosc
The first race to make a law against slavery was  and they were so committed to it over 360,000  died to enforce it. --eosc
Oh no!!! I'm doing the OK symbol and I'm white 👌🏼 I must be a white supremacist in liberals eyes 😂😂😂
  --eosc
this tweet smells like boiled hotdogs and American cheese. --eosc
I'm German &amp; English.. and a a global minority.. never will I not be proud of my heritage or be ashamed of being white.. --eosc
Have y'all read the  hashtag. LMFAO. Acting like their is racism against whites. Bye. --eosc
There is far more  from the Left than the right. --eosc
who don't like hashtags about white people are the snowflake white people who need to actually learn about white people. --eosc
THAT'S THE HASHTAG THEY ARE USING‼️‼️
MINDS OF A CULT‼️‼️   ❄️  --eosc
McDonalds gives out 'Free coffee w/ a whitey' discount cards if anyone needs a pick-me-up

This tweet brought to you by the  tag --eosc
An exact visual as to why Trump won. Thanks for securing 2020 for him. --eosc
Blaming  who are alive today for slavery is like blaming your great great grandparents who you never met for your own stupidity --eosc
I'm a proud Christian white man, married to a woman of Mexican descent. 

 --eosc
Glad somebody finally created a  on Twitter, because that's a completely uncontroversial topic. --eosc
go to bed --eosc
Yeah, actually we can.   freed the slaves and crushed Hitler.  --eosc
WHAT IN THE TRUMP TRASH .... --eosc
So... , here's an idea: how about we stop defending for a sec, &amp; pay attention. Just listen &amp; learn? 👇🏼  --eosc
Planned Parenthood continues to kill FAR more people of color than they do --eosc
Bless! 😫✊ --eosc
Annnd today we further divide the races. --eosc
I hate all of you --eosc
We gonna act like the baby ain't about to drink bleach? --eosc
Most  aren't all that privileged. Everyone has their advantages and disadvantages and it has nothing to do with race. --eosc
Without  Our Country Will Become A Third World Country. --eosc
How White People live in South Africa so they don't get murdered while in their own homes. --eosc
Also why he use Wikipedia that website not even school approval anymore and that's really saying something cuz the school system is trash --eosc
Are awesome get to know them. Proud to be one and of Irish and Scottish descent. 🙏🇺🇸😉👍😘😍💃🌹👌 --eosc
best people --eosc
The most truth I've ever heard from a white man. --eosc
When  claim they're ancestors freed slaves but conveniently forget over 50,000 BM died in the Civil War… --eosc
Fact that ur white, wearing a MAGAt hat, and u know that's a white supremacist gang sign seems to say it all!    --eosc
is trending. Somewhere a SJW is making the case that ALL whites are bad... while telling them not to generalize other races ;) --eosc
Oops.. it was also altered by white people. Thanks for playing --eosc
I am proud to be a white Christian male. 

 --eosc
Picture a world without any . 

No, literally picture it...  --eosc
don't riot in the streets when a cop shoots a white person. --eosc
Obama: "We're Training ISIL"   i    --eosc
George Soros wants to bring down Europe's borders   i --eosc
"Don't poke the bear" when  get angry, countries get taken over, people get put in chains, gas chambers, climate changes. 🙅🏾‍♂️  --eosc
If you wanna know why trump won
Just look at   trending 
Blatant anti white hatred has caused them to vote for their survival --eosc
When J.J. Watt, , &amp;  all trend at the same time, you know it's a good day. --eosc
Trump was right. 
Civil war didn't have to happen.

  --eosc
YOU ARE FUCKING BAD-ASS --eosc
This never gets old ! @TruePat25 I'm dying bro ! 😂😂😂😂 --eosc
For some little kids, President Trump is their first white president  --eosc
People immigrate to predominantly white countries because that's the only way to benefit from the resources you sto… --eosc
@Rambobiggs Damn proud to be a white male!  My white privilege is to trigger mental libtards with fact not fiction! --eosc
That moment  find out the black women is god --eosc
 sad thing is,liberal white ppl are stoking the fire, cause they don't want to be called racist, even then, they still are lol --eosc
I see  trending and I'm just like --eosc
Dear  thank you for landing a man on the moon and returning him to Earth safely. --eosc
 SAVED the Entire World, more than once... --eosc
I am a proud white Christian conservative &amp; I have not one iota of white guilt. I love being Deplorable… --eosc
If I wasn't White, I would hate White people too!😂  --eosc
Dear ...

Have a Dr. Pepe!  --eosc
the only good thing about this tag trending is that all the closeted racists and homophobes are getting exposed --eosc
@eazylori The people dogging white people and getting mass amounts of retweets are using bots. LLOL. --eosc
He's an elitist white French snob! He will lecture us all about diversity but will live like all hypocrites quite differently! --eosc
that lil homie in the back bout to commit sewer side --eosc
Your lack of melanin is not your undoing just like my blackness is not a threat to your existence    ✊🏻✊🏼✊🏽✊🏾✊🏿 --eosc
I fell off my bike today it was all  's fault --eosc
This liberal doesn't know that Africans were selling each other as slaves well before. Not bringing their best, fol…  --eosc
accomplishments. Took tremendous work and sacrifice.   Dont see you on @TIME influencers list. . --eosc
@MarkDice Why I Hate White People - by Eric Allen Bell 

     --eosc
Democrats trending ..you know, bc their racism has worked out so well in the past..RME All they have is hate &amp; bigotry. --eosc
This is  version of morgan freeman. --eosc
if you want your heart to palpitate in anger, visit the  tag --eosc
@LordManhatthan_ Copy/tweet:  nice to finally see a positive hashtag. As a black man, I have to say that blaming whites for everything is weak. --eosc
We're back! 

 
 
  --eosc
Dear 

If you have eternal guilt over what happened 150 years ago

Then the problem isn't slavery

The… --eosc
&lt;&lt; this is a good hashtag to checkout because you can easily see all the white supremacists that need blocked! --eosc
Guilty leftists  today are much worse than white leftists who owned slaves. The guilt isn't elevating any minorities. --eosc
The Act 1871 Look It Up Anything After That Act Was Done By A Corporation And Not The Republic.… --eosc
I know y'all see the ba...nvm --eosc
Race is a social construct and also I hate --eosc
Hellooo Hal (Shakesphere_G) --eosc
It's HILLARY🙄 --eosc
hastag has white people going full fledged white supremacist. Lol. --eosc
 invented air conditioning, automotive airbag, airplane, airship, alphabet and so much more --eosc
No, Kayla, ur just white.  --eosc
8 more years libtards! We are making this country great again! --eosc
Because the @DNC enticed them with freebies that have now enslaved them, but @realDonaldTrump like Lincoln will free them again.  --eosc
 

Oppressed? We ARE the oppressors. Have been for centuries. If you are White and think you are oppres…  --eosc
Yes, and political parties have not changed over 154 years. --eosc
is the worst tag I've ever seen. There is so many other things to be fighting about. Like why does Flint still have no water. --eosc
So thoroughly insufferable that the entire rest of the world is clamoring to come live in the societies we build. --eosc
why is  trending what yall do now --eosc
Just a little TB on  and the Clintons. Marine confronts Bill Clinton on his lying wife Hillary.… --eosc
Focus on character that's more important than race. Genuine hearts bring people together. --eosc
Just as the failed presidency of obama does not mean all blacks are bad, don't judge all  by the awfulness of hilary clinton. --eosc
 hey, i just need to know who is claiming @Eminem ?? --eosc
The racist, blame  for everything, identity politics strategy is literally how you got Trumped.  --eosc
digs for the truth in @FoxNews interview w me. --eosc
@disspat On the backs of others that are not --eosc
In the 40s, Dems demonized Asians.
Until the 60s, Dems demonized African Americans.
Today, Dems demonize .
And we're deplorable? --eosc
have the best countries. That's where all the non whites flock to --eosc
I swear to fucking god all this racist  stuff Progressives are doing is just gonna create more white supremacists. --eosc
The comments on this shows how whacked people are. 👌👌👌👌👌 --eosc
Proud of my culture, Proud of my people's history. B4 America there was no end to slavery in sight. Slavery? We shut it down --eosc
WARNING: *zombie alarms in movie rings*** 😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😈😷😷😈😷😈😷😎😎😈😈😈😈😈😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷😷 jkjk --eosc
@costlylovewins  ended slavery and that is enough. --eosc
I love my whiteness. And yours.
 --eosc
Trying to understand why  feel so oppressed: --eosc
was is  trending --eosc
hilary clinton is not a good role model or example of  - do not judge a whole race by how disgusting and vile she is. --eosc
, never apologize for who you are!  --eosc
😒  On Being Black, 'Woke,' And Dating White People ➡️ ➡️   --eosc
is trending - which is the perfect excuse to post this again. --eosc
Jesus,  , you are embarrassing sometimes.  --eosc
Who were the ones that enslaved them again? --eosc
Dear African Americans - he lied to you. Our common struggle is not about race, it is against unrestrained globalis…  --eosc
People assume the Black Guy Dies First in horror movies, but in actuality its the  couple that make out/have sex=1st victim. --eosc
 Can't we all be a part of one race, the human race. --eosc
don't own America I guess. --eosc
are tending! Did  @PewDiePie upload a new video? --eosc
our culture is so beautiful it's the stuff of fairy tales --eosc
They don't want to rekindle it, they literally want war with Russia!!  Just ask resident twitter lunatic @LouiseMensch  --eosc
Dear ,  can be racist too. So lets link up and love one another to show racism is something that doesn't exist.. --eosc
 were also slaves throughout history.

Don't forget what they didn't teach you in public school.  --eosc
Remember during the Obama presidency when almost EVERY SINGLE DAY  were being ridiculed and vilified on Twitter? --eosc
I don't have any white guilt..my ancestors fought to free slaves not buy them!! I fought hard in 60s for equal righ… --eosc
 , black people...God loves us all the same. Even if we don't --eosc
You do NOT speak for me. Canada will build a wall to keep us out and I don't blame them. We are deplorable.… --eosc
White people:  is so racist!

Twitter: wHiT3 P3oPle iS s0 RaCisT! --eosc
THE TAKEOVER --eosc
delete this --eosc
@JaynePenelope When  call other   then you know they're  or  🤔 --eosc
George I think the GITMO has a cell waiting for you😡😡😡😡😡 --eosc
It's funny that making fun of  is funny but doing it to other races is all of a sudden racist. Confused anybody???? --eosc
 did some good shit and also some bad shit
Imagine that --eosc
s  is finishing up across the country just in time 4  Please help these p… --eosc
Modern day KKK shit...period --eosc
Why is   trending? --eosc
Goin thru  tag reminds me of the episode of fairly odd parents when everyone was gray blobs bc they're all saying the same shit --eosc
I think cultural appropriation should work both ways for those who advocate it - I wonder what their life expectancy would be. --eosc
45 rules/how to destroy America --eosc
White women are tired of being fucked with if ya don't wanna get slapped like a bitch leave me alone lol --eosc
@bedtsvesta @porfie_moreno @ThereseOSulliv2 @bluewater77036 @MarciTriggs @TheStandingTire @4TheJerseyKid… --eosc
finally getting wise to the fact that today's  party is a 100% anti-white, 100% anti-Christian political party. --eosc
#ERROR! --eosc
That damn baby bout to drink clorox cuh --eosc
@greeneyes0084 Because  are bombing the shit out of their homes, schools, hospitals &amp; more, for oil/resources. Sorry you forgot that. --eosc
I don't even see insults towards white people in the  hashtag. Just white people patting themselves on the back... --eosc
Unless U stood w/the Panthers back in the day....then u have no idea abt the mvmnt. I MARRIED A PANTHER! Keep urself in ck of what ur saying --eosc
you show those black people who's boss, champ  --eosc
who never lived during slavery are still paying for slavery. Blacks who never lived during slavery still receiving for slavery --eosc
invent penicillin --eosc
@CommanderValent Black people spotted in their natural habitat. 👏🏻 --eosc
I thought he was supposed to b eating seaweed like his wife's lunch menu for kids --eosc
The culture  is garden gnomes. --eosc
You have "🚫H8" in your name but you just tweeted a very hateful thing toward white people.

??????? --eosc
It starts with a scarf and ends with no freedom left. Choose Your fate  this is a war.  A religion war, a race war, a world war!  --eosc
is trending.  is probably trending too. --eosc
I don't know which is more disturbing, the kid as a prop in this picrure or 892 followers with just 20 tweets. --eosc
Racist liberals, stop the hatred of  who support  &amp; want limited government - …  --eosc
Hey ,

Don't let anyone tell you that you're worth less because of your skin color.

Oh &amp; you can be ra…  --eosc
Sorry, I'm not oppressed.  --eosc
invented unicorns --eosc


Have been oppressors &amp; exploiters for centuries. Committed genocide &amp; enslaved POC. Some of us are tr…  --eosc
The only colors that matter are: red, white and blue.🇺🇸
  --eosc
 
Y'all are truly a mess.  --eosc
 created the Internet to give people the free speech to say stupid shit, it's not racist, it's known fact Africans have lower IQ --eosc
And to think, this is only the beginning - believe me. Hail victory!

  --eosc
 - Learn about your ancestors
 - Take Your Greatness Back
…  --eosc
@OMFGNN @SenJohnMcCain Donors own your husband. These donors are mostly . --eosc
I find it funny liberals point fingers at everyone else for being racist. Then they go make hashtags like  promoting racism. --eosc
"Thaaat's Right"..."You Know It's True"...
Wake Up Sheeple &amp; Stop Drinking The Left's "Fool-Aid" !!!  --eosc
The Democratic Party today is not the Democratic Party from 100-150 years ago, same with the Republican Party...… --eosc
@SonofLiberty357  are often seen giving donations to the homeless- skin color irrelevant... &amp; It's not the libs folks! Wise up &amp; Stop the hating. --eosc
It doesn't matter who you are , help love and respect each other   --eosc
Dear  be proud of Who You Are and never apologize for it. --eosc
Those tweeting about the greatness of  believe they contributed simply by being white.

They are admitting their privilege. --eosc
Dear  please stop seasoning your chicken with water then start complaining about how it's "too spicy" --eosc
I want to go in the  tag but I'm scared lol --eosc
is trending...ok how about this. 
, Michigan has been without clean water for 1,114 days.… --eosc
Btw I grew up in NYC where  both  &amp;  got along &amp; we still do. Democrats are the ones that want us fighting each other --eosc
If you're  and anti- black lives matter, lgbtq+, and planned parenthood, we can't be friends. k bye! --eosc
If we brand all  as racists we are no different than bigots who brand all Muslims as terrorists. --eosc
@RapinBill Why I Hate White People - by Eric Allen Bell 

     --eosc
This trend --eosc
When you see  is trending and ur like shit what did we do this time --eosc
🐰 means fewer ,    --eosc
Sheila Jackson looks good for her age. I guess she was owned by a Democrat because not one Republican owned slaves.… --eosc
RT When you see it --eosc
stop buzzing us in your flying machines! --eosc
This group of  is an embarrassment and representative of the "maga" crowd: Let's hope they never breed.  --eosc
Can't relate --eosc
Liberals love promoting racism against --eosc
Love yourself --eosc
What --eosc
Any Dear White People know where I can find some of that  "PRIVILEGE" at??? --eosc
Ariel Winter Browsin' Houses with BF    Bobby Ryan    Aric --eosc
cr aged Western civilization and America. They are great people. Why do liberals hate them? I say his as a Latino --eosc
 At least White Power isn't the trend, like who the fuck even started this one :p..  --eosc
*murdered millions of native Americans and Africans while forcing the ones who survived to build the foundation of America?
  --eosc
I have a dream of a nation that people will not be judged by the color of their skin, but by the content of their c…  --eosc
It's funny how sensitive conservatives are. It takes one hashtag to trigger them. --eosc
I bet, the cops don't know about that.  --eosc
the only good thing about this tag trending is that all the closeted racists and homophobes are getting exposed… --eosc
No it's because of the hat --eosc
Goodnight to everyone whose most valuable possession is either their phone or their sneakers. --eosc
Because white supremacy is hilarious. --eosc
Can someone tell me why  is trending, I'm so confused --eosc
Dear  &amp; Asians. Sorry if ur overqualified to be a doctor but you're simply not getting into med school… --eosc
I'm sorry but what the fuck are you stupid? Let's ask who the fuck enslaved them you disgusting ignorant entitled pig. How dare you --eosc
Me looking at this  💀💀💀 --eosc
We have no use for anti-Whites. They hate  but use the White man's inventions daily. --eosc
I am a white male, and I find all the people using the  hash to be deplorable. Shame. --eosc
This  loves your tweet! Evolve people. We R all in this together, or we will not survive. This should be an obvious observation.  --eosc
Welp, the American government had him murdered, so I we won't be able to test your stupid hypothesis....  --eosc
Don't have a problem with  unless they're racist or voted for Trump...but that's kind of the same thing --eosc
@polNewsForever When  think they're superior --eosc
be crazy. --eosc
I'm White Privilege….

  --eosc
 "Liberty University"         --eosc
I'm proud 2 be 
White 
Conservative 
Pro life 
Pro 2A 
Pro Military
and I  

I don't give a sh*t if that offends u --eosc
Nobody can pull the "qualified" excuse on me when we see a Congress full of only  who stink at their job. --eosc
&amp;  LOVE ! --eosc
get 2 scoops of ice cream and everyone else gets 1 scoop. --eosc
Obama killed America and   .  Elected by idiots. --eosc
🐰 means fewer . --eosc
This is not about ,   etc. It's a spiritual matter. Many ppl take this as literal/rational… it's beyond. --eosc
people dont even know why this is trending and they  still offended by hashtag smfh --eosc
We are back and we are really, really pissed off.   --eosc
is a hashtag Twitter pushes to incite hate. Ignore it. --eosc
Suit up fam, we're taking over this hashtag    --eosc
do i even want to know why  is trending? --eosc
The white people mad about the  hashtag, not realizing it's about a @DefineAmerican documentary, are proving its point.  --eosc
@chuckschumer America's left boob 😏 --eosc
The "misunderstood white boy" starter pack    --eosc
I dig  but what about  like Don da Con &amp; MAKE ASSHOLES GREAT AGAIN --eosc
I'm white and I have a job. Liberals just got triggered. --eosc
A Reminder. --eosc
Me too --eosc
SOMEONE PLEASE TELL ME HOW THIS IS RACIST 🤔🤔🤔 --eosc
BOTS: All less than 200 followers, all saying the same thing, all drinking the Kool-aid. --eosc
and fuck your racist hashtag you racist bastards. --eosc
The land belongs to no one. It is controlled by the strong until someone else stronger comes along. --eosc
Hateful liberals are using the hashtag  to promote racism against whites. Yet they claim republicans are the racist ones? 🤔 --eosc
It is an honor that  get under your skin and is trending..  Wear it as badge of honor people! 👍 🇺🇸 🇺🇸 --eosc
We don't hate all white people, just Trump supporters. Your ancestors owned some of our relatives at one point. Your daughter is beautiful!  --eosc
You know liberal racism has reached the point of insanity when white liberals are being racist to other whites. 
 --eosc
Until the color of a man's skin is of no more significance than the color of his eyes, we will not know peace   --eosc
Do ppl not realize tht the 2 major parties essentially switched platforms?? Democrats supported the civil rights movement??? --eosc
is trending.  Time to make myself mad looking through posts for no reason. --eosc
 are weak, evil liars, thieves, cheaters &amp; deceivers. It's sad they will not accept it! I wish the natives had more fire power! --eosc
Obama really really really liked --eosc
I like my skin. It's part of who I am. But it comes w/ unearned privilege and failing to acknowledge it makes you an asshole.

 --eosc
Libs are just so desperate to bring back racism and sexism... They even want to rekindle the cold war.
 --eosc
New  Party Rules:
Must be pro abortion
Must be pro socialism
Must hate 
Must rely on Government vs God
Must hate USA --eosc
Nah.  We're just over being the scapegoat to 's woes.. --eosc
When Liberals show hate of   it shows their true colors - The color of racism. --eosc
"Mary, Mary, quite contrary,
How does your garden grow?
With silver bells, and cockle shells,
And pretty maids all in a row..."  --eosc
@_Makada_ Explain "racism against ."  Easy to state; provide examples. --eosc
In today's society, there are more black racists than white racists.
 --eosc
Those are Jews, you Zionist shill  --eosc
Not one is standing at the end of a street in any ghetto forcing black ppl n minorities to live in them, but we pay the rent 🤔  --eosc
So true!!@Jrwoke --eosc
After Poles kicked turkish asses during battle of Vienna, Turkey become one of the greatest friends of Poland in history. Never forget  --eosc
Hey white folks complaining for no goddamn reason: shut the fuck up and read this thread. And tell me I'm wrong.… --eosc
Some  who are elected President, get caught doing what they shouldn't have been doing...  --eosc
Dear  and every people. If this pisses you off, you're probably racist.  --eosc
invented basketball. --eosc
see  trending... yep exactly what i thought it was *walks right back out* --eosc
Democrat Party has always been the racist party. They use identity politics to pull our chains and divide us for po… --eosc
being a hashtag got some in their feelings. --eosc
"Where like begets like there will be harmony," runs an old  adage
…  --eosc
@realDonaldTrump @Scavino45 @PressSec 

Let's Make America Great Again, together! 🇺🇸 --eosc


You will not replace us  --eosc
 "Liberty University"     …  --eosc
White People tweeting about  making it trend and blaming it on the left, beautiful. --eosc
Liberalism has taken on a new shape, now what was reality and made sense is now hypocritical and deserves impeachment😂 be careful liberals!  --eosc
I'm pro diversity so fuck  am I right? --eosc
Hillary Clinton - a true story of murder   i --eosc
@Rambobiggs @slice6467  keep stock trading. Buy $BVTK and you will be rich. Most undervalued stock on the OTC. --eosc
There is not one law that affords White people rights that are denied to non-whites. Institutional racism doesn't exist. --eosc
@Stevenwhirsch99 @Shalom555222 People RT  &amp;  are racists . What happened to skin color doesn't matter?  bcuz they protect &amp; serve ALL LIVES --eosc
This belongs on .
Apparently if you know  benefit from white supremacy you hate white peopl…  --eosc
For someone who loves "diversity" so much, Macron has a lot of  on his campaign staff.  --eosc
Turns oven on broil. Places laptop inside --eosc
As you should be unlike everybody else you're the first person I've seen say this --eosc
Anti-White Bots Trying to Take Over Twitter's   via @wordpressdotcom --eosc
We're dying, but that's okay, this is symbolic for how @MoveOn and @TheDemocrats want  to die anyway.  --eosc
I hate them --eosc
Don't let the barbarians destroy what your ancestors built.  Stand up WhitePeople.  The time is now. --eosc
White women tired of your disrespect fuckoooffffff --eosc
this isn't funny but it's funny --eosc
Most  don't hate anybody. But they are not going to be guilted out of their Countries or Possessions. They owe us nothing. --eosc
;

Oh wait...  --eosc
 like @billclinton had kids named  and didnt own up to him, yet many  voted for his wife. --eosc
Dear 

You realize there are organizations that exist whose purpose is to PROFIT off of YOUR GUILT don'…  --eosc
I'm pretty sure Martin Luther King Jr's dream did not include miserable liberal Democrats inciting hatred against… --eosc
2 scoops of choc chip cookie dough! In honor of MY @POTUS ! --eosc
There was no murder , stealing or rape before white people came along there was world peace and everyone could fly.  --eosc
hate yall --eosc
The people saying that  aren't responsible for speaking out against racism are the same ones that want all Muslims to apologize. --eosc
Masvidal just came out to the scarface theme --eosc
if Maia wins this...whats the excuse for not giving him the title shot? --eosc
LETTTSSSS GOOOOOO --eosc
Rodriguez moves away from Jackson Wink and suddenly all the gameplanning is gone along with the good corner advice. --eosc
If that was in vegas would they have stopped the fight ??? no --eosc
Once this tweet with my   sweatshirt hits 250 RT the contest will begin.  I will custom sign for winner!… --eosc
i wanted to root for Maia in this fight until i heard his entrance music. --eosc
Respect to @panteraufc and @FrankieEdgar both guys are great fighters. --eosc
Way to go @JamesVickMMA! --eosc
And that fight right there is why I desperately wanted to see Frankie Edgar go against Conor McGregor. Would have been great --eosc
Regardless. Maia is a legend in this sport as well. He has so much experience and has been in the UFC for over 10 years!!! --eosc
There is a lot going on in Jorge Masvidal's head. 

I wouldn't want to meet him in a field full of police, never mind a dark alley.  --eosc
Just hope Maia wins so he deservedly gets his shot at the title... --eosc
Before tonight's  main event, take one last look at who fellow ufc fighters are picking in stipemiocicufc…  --eosc
I'm making my grandmother watch  and her reactions are hysterical. --eosc
Masvidal v Maia up next. This is going to be a great fight &amp; contrast of styles. --eosc
I got Maia, he even comes out to my favourite song from high school.  --eosc
Maia going to Carlos Condit this one --eosc
.@JamesVickMMA is calling out the UFC for a promotion after his dominating performance at . --eosc
Still coming out to Numb. Makes me want him to win every time nendndmdnd --eosc
MMAFightingThat’s a very probable 10-8 for Edgar. Rodriguez is busted the hell up. Damn. Ground and pound all day. --eosc
I'd love to see Jorge destroy Maia. --eosc
Dak is big time --eosc
@GamebredFighter coming out to the Scarface song is applaud worthy. --eosc
Let's go Miah! --eosc
💰💰 the Edgar fight put me way over the top but if I hit this next one hits 🙌🏽🤣🙏🏽💰💰💰🇧🇷 --eosc
And Maia is coming out to linkin park lol. Maia already lost this fight --eosc
Masvidal to do to Maia what Whittaker did to jacare? 🤔 --eosc
@GamebredFighter v @demianmaia
Maybe the fight I am most looking forward to at
  --eosc
Reminder than Demian Maia has absorbed just 13 significant strikes over his past four fights combined. Unprecedented. --eosc
Oh my.  (@allelbows) --eosc
Masivdal is one mean son of a b*tch. --eosc
I think that @GamebredFighter takes this. This will be a striking affair. --eosc
RT if @joannamma defends again at  tonight! 🏆 --eosc
Brazil just discovered Linkin Park 🤔 --eosc
Frankie is handling that BUSINESS --eosc
@BrendanSchaub Got the same,surely a title shot for whoever wins this  --eosc
Edgar raining down punches from top position with 30 seconds left in the first round --eosc
MMAFightingWhat’s that noise? --eosc
@FrankieEdgar literally mopped the mat with @panteraufc for two rounds! --eosc
@julesk_fighter loving this @demianmaia walkout music --eosc
Hope he wins tonight!         @ Lower… --eosc
Can't believe we still got three scraps left. Two of them are title fights. Holy cow! What a night!!!  has delivered. --eosc
results: Frankie Edgar def. Yair Rodriguez via TKO (doctor stoppage) - Round 2, 5:00 … --eosc
Dammmmmmmmme --eosc
Come on Maia!!! Please don't pull off a Jacare Souza. --eosc
@demianmaia here we go! --eosc
Kendrick Lamar Damn! Bev Hills Cops Love Me    Bobby Ryan... --eosc
Let's go Maia! I want to watch Masvidal tap --eosc
I expect a great display of BJJ by Maia --eosc
Yair Rodriguez left eye swollen shut from Frankie Edgar's punishing strikes via elbows and jabs. --eosc
Hope Maia wins but I can see a Masvidal KO hope I'm wrong --eosc
This dude Jason Knight proves to be must see TV yet again. Seeks the finish non stop. "Mississippi Mean" indeed.  --eosc
Bruce Buffer looking like the plug in the 80s with that blazer --eosc
Yair will be the champ one day. Out of ALL the 45ers in the world Frankie is his worst match up. Mishandling of a l… --eosc
Seeing Alvarez survive that exchange really puts @TheNotoriousMMA left hand into perspective. --eosc
MMAFightingEdgar 10-9 in the second and 20-17 overall. He’s schooling the young buck right now. --eosc
Fan Poll results as of writing this:
Maia - 68%
Masvidal - 32% --eosc
And that's it! The fight has been stopped by ringside doctors. Frankie Edgar gets another big win --eosc
My God Rodriguez eye.... Ouch --eosc
This fight is basically UFC trying to put a hit out on Maia --eosc
Maia has single leg of doom. Only been hit 14 times in last FOUR fights. Masvidal has nearly 80% takedown defense. --eosc
 @ufc if @GamebredFighter gets taken down its over until itz standing the fight is on but he will be taken down 
@BloodyElbow --eosc
Great card for @ufc  I'm going with Stipe, JJ, Maia, Edgar, Eddie - who you got? Gonna try stay up for this…  --eosc
Come on Maia. Let's put a stop to this clowns run. --eosc
Maia all day, every day!   --eosc
Masvidal came out to the theme from Scarface?! Ok that's quite legendary to be fair 😂👍🏻 --eosc
So, @demianmaia has the 2nd most submission victories in UFC history. Who has the first? --eosc
Masvidal coming out to the scarface theme song 🔥 --eosc
THIS. CARD. IS. 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥

  --eosc
Have I ever mentioned I love Daniel Cormier? Great talent and heart. Great champion. Awesome commentator! @dc_mma @ufc --eosc
My god this is horrific! 😂😂😂 I LOVE it! --eosc
Maia going to choke him unconscious --eosc
...and Maia with such a classic walk out song, such a legend!  --eosc
@demianmaia come on champ! Win this and no one can deny you the title shot anymore! --eosc
I still think @GamebredFighter &amp; @sergiopettis  are the same person lol   @MMALatestNws @TommyToeHold @MMAFighting --eosc
Let's go @GamebredFighter!!! --eosc
I'm super confident in Maia here. Which means Masvidal is about to mess him up. --eosc
2-0 for ! Let's go mia for my 3-0! --eosc
Matchmaker Joe Silva will be inducted into the  HOF this July. Well deserved for sure! --eosc
Headed to @rivolis to watch  
I'm super grateful to have been styled by  for this specia…  --eosc
it's quase time --eosc
What would your walk-in choon be, guys?  --eosc
Remember when CNN colluded with HRC and the DNC? I do.

      --eosc
🤔🤔🤔.....hard choice --eosc
Maia coming out to Linkin Park's - Numb --eosc
what's really funny @dc_mma was how mad Fitch was that someone took him down and held him down --eosc
These NUGGETS! --eosc
LETS GO MAIA! --eosc
Welp. I was cheering for Maia tonight. Then he had to walk out to Linkin Park. Yeah I don't know if I can do that now --eosc
This is going to be some fight!! --eosc
I love that Masvidal doesn't even try to play to the cameras when shadowboxing --eosc
Now that I've talked shit to @eugeneSrobinson, @GamebredFighter has a jinx working in his favor.   --eosc
@FrankieEdgar is one impressive fighter --eosc
@GamebredFighter wins the battle of walk out music. 
 --eosc
Props to Maia for walking out to Numb --eosc
Crowd reaction says it all --eosc
@FrankieEdgar will always be the fan's favorite.  Dude is a beast. He's humble.  And always brings it! --eosc
Masvidal coming out to the Scarface theme. Aaaahahahaha --eosc
I pick Masvidal to win big here because Maia has Numb as his walkout song. --eosc
@MeganA_mma I'm a huge Maia fan but I'm nervous for sure. --eosc
UFC hates Maia so much they make him walk out to Linkin Park. --eosc
I like both of these guys. I'll be sad no matter who wins. I'm leaning Maia tho. --eosc
Fuck sake man!!! 😷😳 --eosc
Masvidal walking out to the Scarface theme music --eosc
Post Fight Interview with @DavidcBranchMMA --eosc
Oh yes. Let's do diiiiiiz @demianmaia ! --eosc
The timeline goes to shit when no sports are on....I'm watching  though 👍👊 --eosc
Dunno why but Demian Maia coming out to Linking Park is hilarious --eosc
@ufc I didn't go to the beach with my fam bc i was hoping Yair would win the fight 😫 --eosc
Rooting for --eosc
There may be no fighter on the UFC roster I'm more unabashedly rooting for than Demian Maia. --eosc
Crap... --eosc
😳  @FrankieEdgar congrats! --eosc
CONGRATS JOE SILVA on the Hall of Fame @ufc
  --eosc
Edgar just messed him up --eosc
Maia finna lose --eosc
Maia is awesome, but walking out to Numb by Linkin Park is not.  --eosc
It's a joy to watch Maia. The epitome of a martial arts master. --eosc
Wow TV  UFC 211 Live   Stream Edgar vs.  Rodriguez      Get Your Link --eosc
Gatekeeper doin his thing, that eye though  --eosc
The fight the UFC never wanted was Frankie vs McGregor.. it would have been interesting to see. --eosc
@danawhite bout to be $200K richer if  loses tonight? --eosc
God damn this is a good card. --eosc
DC is awesome! --eosc
results: @FrankieEdgar stops Yair Rodriguez via TKO at (5:00) of Rd 2. (doctor stoppage end of Rd 2/Yair eye swollen shut) --eosc
That's bullshit it shouldn't be a NC he should have got DQ --eosc
Sucks to see Yair lose like that. Edgar is just too dominant. Now let's go Masvidal !! --eosc
I'm giving you $5 off each of your first 4 Uber rides. To accept, use code 'jesusn919ue' to sign up. --eosc
Can we please get this guy a title shot @demianmaia --eosc
How do you deal with Yair's style? Frankie Edgar had The Answer --eosc
I feel like Maia didn't respond to the email requesting walkout songs and got stuck with Linkin Park. --eosc
Us handicappers shy away from nepotism and cronyism, @eugeneSrobinson.  --eosc
Now I wanna watch Scarface. --eosc
🐐 GOAT QUOTE 🐐

@FrankieEdgar |   --eosc
Before tonight's  main event, take one last look at who fellow @ufc fighters are picking in @stipemiocicufc vs. @junior_cigano.  --eosc
Let's go Frankie!!!! Knock this kid out!
  --eosc
Terrific fight here. Yair has championship potential, but is he ready to beat someone like Frankie Edgar?  --eosc
@demianmaia coming out to a LP Song when @LIKINPARK_ was actually good. --eosc
@FrankieEdgar is a real life rocky balboa and an absolute legend --eosc
Maia coming out to Linkin Narc? Ruh roh! --eosc
Let's get this Frankie --eosc
Demian maia walking out to Linkin park!!! --eosc
Demian Maia vs. Jorge "Gamebred" Masvidal is going to be SO interesting! I honestly don't know how this fight will end! Let's see!  --eosc
MMAFightingThe fight is over. Edgar by TKO, doctor’s stoppage.  --eosc
No contest or not, lets hope those two get something from @ufc for that performance. Great fight while it lasted.  --eosc
We see you @ALIAQUINTA 😂 --eosc
Lol Frankie destroying him atm --eosc
Cool that matchmaker Joe Silva will be inducted into the UFC Hall of Fame. That's a tough job, pulled 100 different ways daily. --eosc
Demian Maia is so enjoyable to watch --eosc
Damn. Yair didnt stand a chance. --eosc
Total mauling  Edgar schooled the young buck I think Maia bout to do the same ting .! --eosc
I got Maia right here. But the Scarface music is definitely a cool touch from Masvidal. --eosc
Ugh, DC's voice and personality annoys me. hope Jones destroys him in their rematch  --eosc
Ballsy move for Maia taking this fight. Says a lot for his confidence. --eosc
Yair Rodriguez after 15minutes --eosc
OMFG!!! WHAT A FIGHT!!! Chase Sherman vs Rashad Coulter !!! --eosc
Let's go Maia! 🇧🇷 --eosc
Nice cold brewskis  and combat sports. I am in my happy place . --eosc
Ok, Joe-Jitsu, we know Maia is great at BJJ, just relax.  --eosc
@GamebredFighter is the epitome of the overused term "gangster"   --eosc
Whats up with the screaming lady in the audience? Plz shut her up! --eosc
Linkin Park? Linkin Park. And the OLD Linkin Park. --eosc
Did Dana take that 200k bet...? --eosc
I'm taking @GamebredFighter just a beast of a fighter always has been --eosc
He's walking out to Linkin Park 😳😂
 --eosc
Wow! @FrankieEdgar just taught a ground and pound clinic to the talented @panteraufc! @ufc --eosc
I got Maia winning this --eosc
Sooo up in the air with this one! Great fight! Going with masvidal though --eosc
Huge shots by @FrankieEdgar land on Yair! --eosc
The cut man screwed over Yair Rodriquez in between rounds  cmon refs and cut men DO. YOUR. JOB! --eosc
Pure domination!

@FrankieEdgar reminds us that he's a straight BEAST!!   --eosc
Love @FrankieEdgar I want to see that title around his waist again! --eosc
is that fucking linkin park Meia?! --eosc
Exactly my thoughts --eosc
Let's go Maia ! --eosc
CNN exemplifies the empty calories of infotainment with meaningless noise signifying nothing but the dmise of state… --eosc
RT Dmoceanu: 👊🏻 Always fights with his heart! --eosc
When one fighter enters to the song from "Scarface" and the other enters to  "Numb". Tells you the mindset of the fighters  --eosc
Let's go @demianmaia --eosc
Let's go @demianmaia! --eosc
Holloway vs Aldo is going to be a 5-round war ending in a close decision. Anything else would be shocking imo --eosc
I feel like it's because he thinks the lyrics are about choking someone. --eosc
Maia vs. Masvidal giving me goosebumps. --eosc
@FrankieEdgar beat up @panteraufc like hes bestfriends with @bjpenndotcom --eosc
Masvidal just oozes confidence --eosc
🇭🇷🇺🇸 @stipemiocicufc
🏆 Heavyweight Champ
👊 
📆 Tonight!  --eosc
that sucks that the fight didn't go all three rounds but Frankie Edgar got their Victory and that's good enough I guess but oh well --eosc
RT @TommyToeHold: Masvidal coming out to the Scarface music is one of my all time favorite entrances. It's perfect. --eosc
Masvidal got me convinced with that music. --eosc
I got Masvidal, but don't feel confident at all about it. Maia is such a beast. Here's my breakdown 
 --eosc
"Gamebred" vs. "The Sleep-Inducing Backpack" next! 🛌  --eosc
. @FrankieEdgar was fired up walking by media row. He just sent a reminder to anyone who doubted him going into this fight
 --eosc
Maia with the Linkin Park classic walk out song 
 --eosc
Yay Maia coming out to Numb by @linkinpark. Fucking love this guy. --eosc
masvidal the executioner --eosc
pretty crazy I bet you everybody thought that Frankie Edgar was going to get beat up because Rodriguez is so good but the opposite☺😀 --eosc
So far the prelims for  have been better than the main card. Last 3 were all fight of the night contenders. But  👌🏾 --eosc
Cuban nigga comes out to scarface theme song winner in my book, Arriba 🇨🇺!!!!! Lmao  --eosc
I have so much respect for Frankie Edgar --eosc
Masvidal is coming for that title! --eosc
Wow! @DustinPoirier pouring it on Eddie Alvarez at !! --eosc
Hopefully he will never win another one. --eosc
Live community chat  Maia vs Masvidal on the Sherdog Forums!!!  @sherdogdotcom… --eosc
Everyone who just watched David Branch def. Krzysztof Jotko please look into my pen here .... --eosc
U have a secret here is a place to share it no judgements or DM is cool too --eosc
He came out to the scarface theme 😂😂 --eosc
let's go @GamebredFighter --eosc
God, this fight is special. Masvidal/Maia @ufc @lthomasnews  --eosc
Highlights from Frankie Edgar vs. Yair Rodriguez --eosc
This is my main event --eosc
Let. Them. Know. 👊 --eosc
Frankie is a dream killer  Congrats 🎈 --eosc
I got Demian this fight --eosc
Maia vs Masvidal should be fantastic. Maia deserves the title shot but damn Masvidal is so much fun --eosc
Yikes two of my favorite fighters up next!     @ufc --eosc
@EliasTheodorou That first album was pretty sweet tho.... --eosc
Punchfaces galore, y'all. That was ridic.   --eosc
Straight killer. --eosc
I like Masvidal but this is a easy win for Maia --eosc
damn, @FrankieEdgar fucked him up pretty bad!  --eosc
If I can't watch a @TheNotoriousMMA or @Cody_Nolove fight ???  will do! Haha! Great card so far! 👊 --eosc
Dear Demian Maia,

Please don't get Nate Marquardted again by Masvidal.  @UFC --eosc
Hope @demianmaia gives @GamebredFighter some humble pie --eosc
More of the same by @FrankieEdgar
  --eosc
Already nervous as shit. Let's go @GamebredFighter !!!! 💪🏼💪🏼💪🏼 --eosc
Let's go @GamebredFighter !!!! 🔥👊🏻💪🏻 --eosc
does another number one contendership keep his slot or does the Agent 47 of UFC take it from him --eosc
Scarface theme I love it @GamebredFighter --eosc
Damn --eosc
Frankie edgar vs cub swanson?
 --eosc
Demian Maia walks out to Linkin Park “Numb” 
   --eosc
Jorge Masvidal self-imposing Arn Anderson's "Enforcer" duties on the UFC roster.  --eosc
Post Fight Interview with @DavidcBranchMMA @BSO --eosc
Here we go! --eosc
If Masvidal can take Maia into the 3rd round, Maia will tire &amp; be susceptible to be KO'd. Otherwise Masvidal will be subbed in 1st. --eosc
What's up MichaelIrvin88?! --eosc
Alright!!! --eosc
Yuuuuuckkkk. Doesn't even look like himself --eosc
@GamebredFighter coming out to the Scarface theme was cold as ice!! --eosc
Maia threw more shadow-box punches in the hype package than he will in this fight. --eosc
TMT Boxer Broke And Driving Uber    Bobby Ryan ... --eosc
DEMIAN WHAT ARE YOU DOING. LINKIN PARK CURSE. NOOOOOO --eosc
Come on Maia --eosc
Masvidal is a true fighter with a salty 32-11 record, but I like him for this matchup. --eosc
Good heavens.  Top level mangling. --eosc
 Very Interesting Fight Coming Up!!
@GamebredFighter vs @demianmaia?? --eosc
Eddie Alvarez won that fight via Prison Rules. --eosc
Come on @demianmaia --eosc
Good luck to the champ @stipemiocicufc tonight! 👊🏼
 
We’ll be cheering for you when you  at !…  --eosc
Maia v Masvidal this was my favorite interesting matchup to watch. Can anyone in this division figure the puzzle of Maia 👀 --eosc
Maia is the greatest BJJ practitioner to ever step into the octagon. --eosc
So pumped for this match up! Who you got? --eosc
Congrats @FrankieEdgar u did great job! titleshot next! --eosc
Maia can still get it. --eosc
Watching Edgar smash the shit outta that damn eye --eosc
Let's go Maia. --eosc
Check this out! I will do computer networking and IT security on --eosc
Yep. I think Yair needs to move to a bigger camp, full-time.  --eosc
Maia has the best bjj in MMA &amp; if he takes Masvidal to the mat, it's a done deal but if it stays standing, that's Masvidal's fight  --eosc
lets hope this is proven wrong. --eosc
Masvidal can absolutely win. Takedown defense and boxing are his best friends tonight. --eosc
Well deserved! @FakeJoeSilva --eosc
A title shot is on the line at . It's demianmaia vs. Jorge Masvidal (GamebredFighter) up now.… --eosc
Tbh I honestly thought Pantera was going to win this one but oh well... Nice performance by Frankie though --eosc
One of the few times I fuck with Linkin Park is when Demian Maia comes out to the cage --eosc
lmao rip yair rodriguez's eye that was disgusting i am fully aware i am very late in tweeting that --eosc
Joe Silva would not have made Yair/Edgar. :) --eosc
I got Maia here. --eosc
HERE WE GO. 

Welterweights square off as DemianMaia takes on GamebredFighter NOW on PPV!!   --eosc
Reality check for Yair Rodríguez. After narrow Alex Caceres win &amp; B.J.Penn, this was too big a step up. Frankie Ed…  --eosc
HERE WE GO!! @GamebredFighter vs @demianmaia --eosc
God damn! Congrats, Frankie Edwards. So...much...swelling!  --eosc
Masvidal coming out to Scarface! --eosc
Scarface Theme &gt; Linkin Park  @ufc --eosc
Lincoln Park. The only thing worse Maia could have chosen as his walk-out song was Eminem. --eosc
In a Sports bar with the fiancé catching UFC 211 was a great decision. Worthy fight card indeed. JDS vs Stipe better deliver. --eosc
Let's go Maia --eosc
HERE WE GO. 

Welterweights square off as @DemianMaia takes on @GamebredFighter NOW on PPV!!   --eosc
D@@! UFC 211 Live   Stream Edgar vs.  Rodriguez      Get   Your ..  Link --eosc
Wow, Edgar has not lost a step!   --eosc
Linkin Park "numb" echoes around the arena as Maia prepares to enter the octogon.  --eosc
I want Masvidal to win, but Maia looks almost unbeatable at the minute, lets go Gamebred!  --eosc
That said, Maia is 18-2 in fights where he can score at least 1 takedown. Gonna be a fun one. --eosc
Congratulations to Joe Silva on being inducted into the HOF this year. --eosc
And here comes 'The Answer' @FrankieEdgar sprinting to the Octagon! --eosc
Bet this'll get some of them "pure" MMA fans made, but they'll continue to .   --eosc
Let's go @GamebredFighter!! --eosc
This how Rodriguez should have started the fight --eosc
D@@! UFC 211 Live   Stream   Edgar vs.  Rodriguez        Get   Your Link --eosc
Frankie is an all time great --eosc
George Soros thinks he's God   i --eosc
This will be quick.. But Not Painless --eosc
Rooting for Maia in this one for obvious reasons, he deserves his title shot!  --eosc
GREAT WALK OUT MUSIC! --eosc
I am fully in on this fight. I really want Maia to win...but I ain't mad at Masvidal winning either. --eosc
Maia walking out to Linkin park. He's got my vote. --eosc
Do you think Jessica Andrade will end the undefeated streak of current champ Joanna Jedrzejczyk at  TONIGHT? --eosc
Honestly this is a 50/50 here
@GamebredFighter @demianmaia --eosc
So, um, you want to fight Frankie Edgar???   --eosc
Masvidal walks out to scarface soundtrack like a real bad guy --eosc
I don't think he will but if Masvidal wins, him vs TWood for the title is gonna be CRAZY!  --eosc
is absolutely DOPE so far !!! --eosc
Masvidal coming out to the theme from Scarface --eosc
First fight sucked and second fight ended too soon 😒 --eosc
Results: Frankie Edgar put the featherweight division on notice tonight by completely… --eosc
Jorge better win this. --eosc
The fact that anyone is doubting Maia in this fight amazes me. --eosc
Maia should come out to “stranglehold”. --eosc
Holy shit... --eosc
Enjoying the night... alone. 🍺     @ Hooters Lone Tree --eosc
Maia with a tuneeeeeee for an entrance to the octogan 👀 --eosc
I got @GamebredFighter 👊 --eosc
Love Masvidal but ur getting strangled, let's get that TS Maia  --eosc
I'm good.  RT @MMAFighting: Oh my.  (@allelbows) --eosc
Masvidal is a fucking gangster enters the arena to scarface tune!!  🔫🔪💯 --eosc
Damnnn Yair took a beating. Hell be back and maybe he can still be bigger then Canelo some day. Just not today… --eosc
Frankie Edgar got The Answers sway. --eosc
Frankie Edgar is phenomenal. That's all. --eosc
The Cowboys players are pulling for Dos Santos tonight, trust me  --eosc
MMAFightingDude, Rodriguez’s eye is a freakin’ mess.  --eosc
Frankie Edgar absolutely demolishes Yair Rodriguez in lopsided performance

…  --eosc
Dream team --eosc
Masvidal coming out to the Scarface theme is actually amazing haha --eosc
nan --eosc
Gotta say @GamebredFighter coming out to the Scarface music is pretty sweet @ufc --eosc
Really hope stippe wins tonight --eosc
Masvidal coming out to the Scarface music and I'm immediately rooting for him --eosc
Really hope Maia can take Masvidal down, if he does that's then whoever wins will really deserve it  --eosc
I'm a little behind just finished round 1 but my dude Frankie doin work! --eosc
Who u guys got? @GamebredFighter / @demianmaia --eosc
Masvidal is a hell of a fighter but Maia can tap out anyone in the division --eosc
That was surprising --eosc
I got Maia.
 --eosc
I know Maia is a monster on the ground, he's Royce 2.0. I know he's like wrestling a wet blanket. But I'm picking @GamebredFighter --eosc
I probably annoy the hell outta people with all my MMA posts but I gotta do it lmao passionate af of this sport what can I say --eosc
Maia looks shredded for this fight, his BJJ is second to none I have him tapping GameBread 3 mins into the first --eosc
Can't wait for Mendes to get back in there..  featherweight is pretty stacked but could use him --eosc
He used to look like this --eosc
Indeed!! --eosc
Wannabe Diaz brother vs Dad. I'll take Dad. --eosc
If I've learned anything from watching UFC for 10 years is that Brazilians really love early Linkin Park --eosc
I got @demianmaia by strangulation in this one --eosc
Is there a tugboat in the crowd? --eosc
Yair be like --eosc
Maybe too late to read this, but you should probably try.   --eosc
go get that title shot @GamebredFighter --eosc
Gotta go with Maia 🇧🇷🇧🇷 --eosc
@John_Kavanagh Wot u reckon..another clinical finish for Maia? This one is a mother effer of a fight --eosc
I can't watch Maia vs Masvidal.  I hope Maia pulls it off but Masvidal's boxing worries me.   @ufc @demianmaia @GamebredFighter 😨😱 --eosc
That one time when Maia squeezed Rick Story's brain out of his head --eosc
Let's go Jorge!!! --eosc
Frankie Edgar turned Yair Rodriguez's face into the 😜 emoji. --eosc
DAMN --eosc
 it might be Maia but I'm hoping for Masvidal. Save us from backpack wrestling, George! Please!! --eosc
I'm on a roll! 2 for 2. @DamianMaia for the win by submission! --eosc
Awesome walkout song for Masvidal --eosc
RNC @ Rd 1. Maia will get the title shot then? --eosc
Well look who's in the building --eosc
Demian Maia looking to continue his untouchable tour --eosc
Time now for Damian Maia vs. Jorge Masvidal. Winner gets Tyron Woodley for the Welterweight title. --eosc
Huge shots by FrankieEdgar land on Yair! --eosc
Masvidal vs Maia live stream
  
Watch UFC 211 live online
UFC 211 live HERE= --eosc
Maia's walking out to Linkin Park's most overrated song --eosc
Last minute change. I'm taking Maia. --eosc
Just in case you needed reminding what a war @stipemiocicufc vs. @junior_cigano was before the rematch at  t… --eosc
official scorecard: three 10-9s for Dustin Poirier in the opening stanza. --eosc
Gonna be a good one! --eosc
Well, this is going to be awesome. Frankie Edgar vs. Yair Rodriguez is next. Who ya got?!   --eosc
Pure domination!

FrankieEdgar reminds us that he's a straight BEAST!!   --eosc
Let's go Junior vs Stipe !! May the best champion win !! --eosc
Rooting for Demian "The Human Cellophane" Maia here, who I wish did not walk out to "Numb" by Linkin Park.  --eosc
This is my main event. --eosc
Ya Gano RT @MMALatestNws: Demian Maia makes the walk to 'Numb' by Linkin Park. --eosc
@btsportufc thanks for all the adverts amateur hour --eosc
Much props to Maia for stepping up to the challenge. After Masvidal's last few fights fools are like this for Gameb… --eosc
I've been looking forward to this fight all night! --eosc
🤖👊🏻 @FrankieEdgar is a machine --eosc
I'm not ready for this fight --eosc
When Amanda kissed her gf Nina, I heard some boos. Goes to show how conservative Texas is. Not visiting Texas anytime soon.   🌈 --eosc
MMAFightingEdgar: I want the winner of Aldo-Holloway. If they match me up with Aldo for a third time, I don’t know.  --eosc
Wanted More From Rodriguez TBH Edgar Fighted Brilliant &amp; Damaged Rodriguez, Whole Eye Closed Up. Edgar Was On Fire 🔥🔥🔥  --eosc
My picks:
The homie Masvidal, Joanna, and Big Homie Stipe!!!   --eosc
i have taken jiu-jitsu from Damian Maia --eosc
Has Maia been in the UFC since that Linkin Park song was a hit? Feeling old. --eosc
Imagine Kickboxing Maia comes in and surprises Jorge tonight? --eosc
This scar face song is scary. --eosc
Frankie Edgar proves us all he is a legend . Yair Rodriguez run of wins has been ended by @FrankieEdgar --eosc
Ouch --eosc
: @FrankieEdgar was definitely  tonight --eosc
@FrankieEdgar never ceases to amaze me... What a clinic --eosc
Oooh. Really looking forward to Masvidal vs Maia. --eosc
fuck yeah @GamebredFighter coming out to scar face theme  nobody wants Maia to win not even Maia --eosc
Frankie dropping HELL-bows ! 
 --eosc
Eerie Linkin Park, for the Maia entrance. 😂  --eosc
That TKO should get Frankie Edgar any fight he wants. No-one predicted a Edgar finish. 145 aside, do TJ v Edgar for the Interim 135. --eosc
Frankie Edgar impregnated a man's eye tonight. I love MMA. --eosc
Got the power nap in. Back for the main card. Lets do this --eosc
Holly shit 😨 --eosc
I love Maia, but man Masvidal is a fucking beast.
Masvidal Via KO 1st Round --eosc
Why Frankie gotta be so mean?! What a performance. Yair is game tho. He's gonna be a problem for a long time. --eosc
This --eosc
Masvidal-Maia is the fight I've been waiting for!!! --eosc
I love you Jorge, but Maia has earned his shot and the UFC are desperate for him to lose so let's go Demian!  --eosc
If you love , you MUST join our MMA Tycoon league. This is a blast, seriously. So realistic.…  --eosc
UFC Light Heavyweight Champion Daniel Cormier drops some  references at --eosc
It's clear that no one actually knows the rules --eosc
I think @GamebredFighter  can cause the upset here --eosc
@FrankieEdgar is still in his prime. --eosc
Would love to see an Edgar Holloway fight!   @FrankieEdgar @BlessedMMA --eosc
Always new that @panteraufc is overrated. I'm glad that this bit the UFC in the ass because we all new this was a bullshit matchup. --eosc
Demian Maia looks like he's in the best shape of his career. --eosc
When you love brutal knockouts but still keep it classy  @MMARoasted @MMA_Inciter @MoTownPhenom… --eosc
How fast will Maia get the tap here? Less than a minute? Or less than thirty seconds? --eosc
I guess Damian Maia didn't listen to Chester Bennington I guess he will never get over Hybrid Theory --eosc
2nd Round KO for Gambred --eosc
@Pfamily413 oh well
Figured either this or Edgar by Decision
Kid isn't ready --eosc
Toughest fight to call IMO.  BJJ vs Striking. --eosc
No. No it's not lol --eosc
I want to say that Jorge is probaby about to fuck Maia up, but I thought the same for Matt Brown and Carlos Condit.  --eosc
Here comes the Boa Constrictor. Win or lose we are privileged to watch a true master of the martial arts --eosc
Masvidal really just walked out to the Scarface theme song --eosc
What is it with Brazilian fighters and early 2000s Linkin Park?  Lots of teenage angst in Rio? --eosc
Really want masvidal to Lose man --eosc
Huge fight after huge fight 😍 --eosc
Frankie Edgar remains the gatekeeper to the top 3 of featherweight. I really can't wait for his inevitable showdown with Holloway --eosc
Masvidal coming out to the Scarface ending theme is hilarious. --eosc
Frankie showing Yair why he's been in the top echelon of every weight class he's fought in for the last 8 years. --eosc
OMG. His eye is JACKED UP. @UFC --eosc
Someone go edit Frankie's wiki page to have the result of that last match be "legalized murder"  --eosc
Iaquinta video bomb is the best video bomb. --eosc
I'm sorry but Demian Maia has a really shitty walk out song --eosc
We are so, so spoiled from here on out .. 

Edgar. Yair. 
NEXT on PPV   --eosc
Buzzing for this one!! --eosc
I didn't doubt Frankie for a split second -pantera Got his ass handed 2 him! Those spinning back kicks R useless on the ground! --eosc
It's good to see Linkin Park are still a thing... --eosc
Creating a safe space for ppl who need it. If u feel like u need to tell someone u can share it or DM     😘 --eosc
Just when you think you can't love the bloke more --eosc
Cuz you are relevant and a threat u more than proved it last fight cubby --eosc
Damn👀😣 --eosc
@GamebredFighter coming out to the Scarface song!!!! Let's go! --eosc
This is the most interesting fight on the card --eosc
So nervous for this one. Let's go @demianmaia  👍👊 --eosc
Masvidal playing the villain with the Scarface theme entry music hahaha I love it! --eosc
Still gonna be one of the GOAT --eosc
Lets go @GamebredFighter !!!! --eosc
Come on Damien Maia ! Deserves a title shot ! --eosc
Masvidal with the sickest entrance music ever. --eosc
Enter Ground game technician @DemianMaia
  --eosc
Masvidal walking out to the Scarface theme. Str8 G shit. --eosc
Yair Rodriguez's eye after the first round --eosc
Let's run it back" Eddie Alvarez on no contest vs @DustinPoirier   --eosc
Jorge Masvidal out to "Scarface (Remix)" by Ariel G from the "Scarface" OST. Demian Maia to "Numb" by Linkin Park
 --eosc
Looks like he was in a car accident. --eosc
Lol! @joerogan &amp; @dc_mma going crazy again! @ufc --eosc
If Jorge can keep this on the feet, he gets the W.
If Maia gets this on the ground, he gets the W. 
Let's see how this goes  --eosc
As a jiujitsu guy there are lots of names I'd love to roll with. I have no interest in rolling with Maia... no interest in dying. --eosc
.@joannamma @jessicammapro @FrankieEdgar @panteraufc @stipemiocicufc @junior_cigano @GamebredFighter 175 RT away fr… --eosc
I'm with you, masvidal gonna try to out-Savage that savage ass performance Frankie just gave us   --eosc
What happened to Yair's face 🙈 --eosc
Maia bout to eat em up!! 👏🏿👏🏿 --eosc
Will it be fists of fire from Masvidal?
Or will it be the standard Single leg, back take, choke from Maia?  --eosc
This feels like a main event to me. Maia v Masvidal. --eosc
Congrats to @FrankieEdgar on his big win tonight --eosc
Masvidal says it's his time. It's already Maia's time but UFC hasn't acknowledged it. Seriously welterweight action. --eosc
One of the coolest things to ever happen in a cage. --eosc
Jorge with the scar face soundtrack walkout , I like the vibes  . Heading to itunes now hahaha --eosc
Whichever way it goes, it's going to be one sided....  --eosc
For further 👇





  --eosc
Edgar did him! --eosc
Jorge Masvidal entering to the Scarface theme is super duper gangster. --eosc
Frankie is giving Yair a schooling --eosc
.@KarynBryant oh those moments with Joe. Always epic --eosc
chrissy_blair: Out here with the babes! @brookliyn_wren @brittneypalmer @vanessahanson --eosc
This fight is gonna be live. Maia is amazing but Masvidal ftw --eosc
Once again, we are reminded that Frankie Edgar is one of the greatest of all time. There's just no denying it.    --eosc
Lol... Numb for Maia entrance... That's so  effin coooool --eosc
Some badass walk out music going on tonight @ufc --eosc
Great seeing @JamesVickMMA do work in front of the hometown crowd! --eosc
JUST IN CASE --eosc
Its @demianmaia  Time 💪 --eosc
Demian Maia keeping Linkin Park alive in 2017. Much hespect --eosc
What other way to watch stipe defend the title than watch it at the department. Let's go @stipemiocicufc --eosc
You got this Maia! --eosc
Come on then Demian! --eosc
Frankie Edgar vs  Yair Rodriguez FULL FIGHT - UFC 211  via @YouTube --eosc
Maia vs Masvidal now on  I'm taking Masvidal by TKO, look to see him keep the fight standing --eosc
If @GamebredFighter can pull this off it will be awesome! Let's hope this fight delivers. --eosc
Umm Jesus that was Entertaining!    Sherman vs Coulter if any fight on the main card can beat that for FOTN we're in for a CLASSIC --eosc
Wow What a performance! --eosc
Pure domination!

FrankieEdgar reminds us that he's a straight BEAST!!    --eosc
Striker vs grappler. --eosc
Up next : Masvidal v Maia - an MMA purists dream match up - who we all got?!?   @robinblackmma --eosc
Demian Maia shouldn't have taken this fight but it could go either way for him, really good or really bad  --eosc
You can tell Cormier appreciates Maia. --eosc
Great fights  has been great. --eosc
I'm going with Masvidal for the upset. Who you all got? --eosc
Scarface music is a little weird for a walkout song, but Masvidal is doing it  --eosc
Easiest Ways to Beat Ransomware   Portugal --eosc
Brasil loves LinkinPark. --eosc
Maia is coming out to Linkin Park 😂 
 --eosc
Masvidal hype will be drowned after Maia submits him --eosc
I want Maia to win just for coming out to Numb by Linkin Park --eosc
